due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter .
proves mainly that south korean filmmakers can make undemanding action movies with all the alacrity of their hollywood counterparts .
lapaglia's ability to convey grief and hope works with weaver's sensitive reactions to make this a two-actor master class .
para hitler , o mundo era sua tela ; e o horror , seu pincel . e max retrata este fato com elegante abandono , numa triste constatação da realidade histórica .
works hard to establish rounded characters , but then has nothing fresh or particularly interesting to say about them .
it all adds up to good fun .
charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions .
to work , love stories require the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer . that is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion .
high crimes miscasts nearly every leading character .
it treats women like idiots .
not an objectionable or dull film ; it merely lacks everything except good intentions .
there's no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes , plus the script by working girl scribe kevin wade is workmanlike in the extreme .
seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie .
i hate this movie
a movie that hovers somewhere between an acute character study and a trite power struggle .
i can easily imagine benigni's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial . coal isn't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children's stockings .
all in all , it's a pretty good execution of a story that's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
sum " is jack ryan's " do-over . " give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works . especially give credit to affleck .
a respectable but uninspired thriller that's intelligent and considered in its details , but ultimately weak in its impact .
this beautifully animated epic is never dull .
it's the perfect star vehicle for grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona .
it's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it doesn't offer any insights that haven't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid-'90s .
none of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him .
a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .
this isn't a movie ; it's a symptom .
it's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but resident evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure .
we root for [clara and paul] , even like them , though perhaps it's an emotion closer to pity .
an engaging overview of johnson's eccentric career .
the movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads .
at times , the suspense is palpable , but by the end there's a sense that the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential .
director brian levant , who never strays far from his sitcom roots , skates blithely from one implausible situation to another , pausing only to tie up loose ends with more bows than you'll find on a french poodle .
scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv , tackles more than she can handle .
the sequel is everything the original was not : contrived , overblown and tie-in ready .
flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
not a bad journey at all .
poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action .
thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad scouse accents
the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on a consistent tone .
i wish i could say " thank god it's friday " , but the truth of the matter is i was glad when it was over .
the cast has a high time , but de broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp .
will only satisfy those who can't tell the difference between the good , the bad and the ugly .
the best way to hope for any chance of enjoying this film is by lowering your expectations . then lower them a bit more .
well-meant but unoriginal .
it's a bad sign when you're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .
adults will wish the movie were less simplistic , obvious , clumsily plotted and shallowly characterized . but what are adults doing in the theater at all ?
a few hours after you've seen it , you forget you've been to the movies .
though the story . . . is hackneyed , the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .
a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china .
you can practically smell the patchouli oil .
not good enough to pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans .
the film never finds its tone and several scenes run too long .
there are a couple of things that elevate " glory " above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall .
if mostly martha is mostly unsurprising , it's still a sweet , even delectable diversion .
it's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell .
the hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connections between place and personal identity .
this movie is maddening . it conveys a simple message in a visual style that is willfully overwrought .
a reality-snubbing hodgepodge .
lillard and cardellini earn their scooby snacks , but not anyone else .
obstacles are too easily overcome and there isn't much in the way of character development in the script .
maybe you'll be lucky , and there'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .
nothing plot-wise is worth e-mailing home about .
a lack of thesis makes maryam , in the end , play out with the intellectual and emotional impact of an after-school special .
to blandly go where we went 8 movies ago . . .
we do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close .
macdowell , whose wifty southern charm has anchored lighter affairs . . . brings an absolutely riveting conviction to her role .
the cold and dreary weather is a perfect metaphor for the movie itself , which contains few laughs and not much drama .
a pleasant enough romance with intellectual underpinnings , the kind of movie that entertains even as it turns maddeningly predictable .
a light , engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation .
too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good .
the movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter 'uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie .
the respective charms of sandra bullock and hugh grant have worn threadbare .
at a time when half the so-called real movies are little more than live-action cartoons , it's refreshing to see a cartoon that knows what it is , and knows the form's history .
leaping from one arresting image to another , songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .
full frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre's definitive , if disingenuous , feature .
un thriller manqué qui tombe sur les nerfs presque dès la première image .
what with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity , the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time .
one of the very best movies ever made about the life of moviemaking .
. . . stale and uninspired .
not once does it come close to being exciting .
an example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship .
there's not much more to this adaptation of the nick hornby novel than charm -- effortless , pleasurable , featherweight charm .
if kaufman kept cameron diaz a prisoner in a cage with her ape , in his latest , he'd have them mate .
a journey through memory , a celebration of living , and a sobering rumination on fatality , classism , and ignorance .
" bad " is the operative word for " bad company , " and i don't mean that in a good way .
ofrece una buena oportunidad de cultura ( aunque sea condensada ) que bien vale la pena aprovechar .
throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .
poetry in motion captured on film . while it can be a bit repetitive , overall it's an entertaining and informative documentary .
the ingenious construction ( adapted by david hare from michael cunningham's novel ) constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
" mr . deeds " is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .
the laser-projected paintings provide a spell-casting beauty , while russell and dreyfus are a romantic pairing of hearts , preciously exposed as history corners them .
davis . . . gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences .
it tells its story in a flat manner and leaves you with the impression that you should have gotten more out of it than you did .
late marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love .
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly .
as unseemly as its title suggests .
the complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen is like nothing we westerners have seen before .
none of his actors stand out , but that's less of a problem here than it would be in another film : characterization matters less than atmosphere .
there is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot . . . a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics
too lazy to take advantage of its semi-humorous premise .
bottom-rung new jack city wannabe .
successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie .
fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .
likely to expertly drum up repressed teenage memories in any viewer .
it's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman .
it has its moments of swaggering camaraderie , but more often just feels generic , derivative and done to death .
just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be .
director uwe boll and the actors provide scant reason to care in this crude '70s throwback .
even if you feel like you've seen this movie a thousand times before , it is kind of enjoyable thanks mainly to belushi's easy-going likableness .
the film is often filled with a sense of pure wonderment and excitement not often seen in today's cinema du sarcasm
a not-so-divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood with a hefty helping of re-fried green tomatoes .
once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional .
it would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi .
frida's artistic brilliance is undeniable -- it's among the most breathtakingly designed films i've ever seen .
[gayton's script] telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience .
the film is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer .
polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style .
director kevin bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the " miami vice " checklist of power boats , latin music and dog tracks . he doesn't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show's trademark style and flash .
has none of the crackle of " fatal attraction " , " 9 ½ weeks " , or even " indecent proposal " , and feels more like lyne's stolid remake of " lolita " .
suffice to say that after seeing this movie in imax form , you'll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of tom hanks' face than his wife is .
i can analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin' down .
essentially a collection of bits -- and they're all naughty .
the talents of the actors helps " moonlight mile " rise above its heart-on-its-sleeve writing .
while it would be easy to give crush the new title of two weddings and a funeral , it's a far more thoughtful film than any slice of hugh grant whimsy .
a little weak -- and it isn't that funny .
you won't look at religious fanatics -- or backyard sheds -- the same way again .
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent .
complex , sinuously plotted and , somehow , off-puttingly cold .
as played by ryan gosling , danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .
like a grinning jack o' lantern , its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .
storytelling feels slight .
the sinister inspiration that fuelled devito's early work is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .
[reynolds] takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch .
jaunty fun , with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used .
considering the harsh locations and demanding stunts , this must have been a difficult shoot , but the movie proves rough going for the audience as well .
[it's] a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest .
warmed-over hash .
foster nails the role , giving a tight , focused performance illuminated by shards of feeling .
claude chabrol has here a thriller without thrills , but that's okay .
the ending feels at odds with the rest of the film .
a sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions .
ms . seigner and mr . serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters .
consummate actor barry has done excellent work here .
davis has energy , but she doesn't bother to make her heroine's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly .
vera has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores .
human nature talks the talk , but it fails to walk the silly walk that distinguishes the merely quirky from the surreal .
if you're not fans of the adventues of steve and terri , you should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake . personally , i'd rather watch them on the animal planet .
coughs and sputters on its own postmodern conceit .
not once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me , it was just a matter of 'eh . '
just a kiss wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people . but it is set in a world that is very , very far from the one most of us inhabit .
so brisk is wang's pacing that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe .
a weird little movie that's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l . a . 's show-biz and media subcultures . but it doesn't leave you with much .
uneven , self-conscious but often hilarious spoof .
its gross-out gags and colorful set pieces . . . are of course stultifyingly contrived and too stylized by half . still , it gets the job done -- a sleepy afternoon rental .
i've never bought from telemarketers , but i bought this movie .
make like the title and dodge this one .
do you say " hi " to your lover when you wake up in the morning ?
not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general . it merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them .
the screenplay by james eric , james horton and director peter o'fallon . . . is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .
the central story lacks punch .
much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there isn't much there here .
a fascinating and fun film .
a bold and subversive film that cuts across the grain of what is popular and powerful in this high-tech age , speaking its truths with spellbinding imagery and the entrancing music of philip glass .
master of disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours .
the story of trouble every day . . . is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult .
leguizamo and jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb .
evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking .
a rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children's television .
move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel .
this new zealand coming-of-age movie isn't really about anything . when it's this rich and luscious , who cares ?
[t]here's only so much anyone can do with a florid , overplotted , anne rice rock 'n' roll vampire novel before the built-in silliness of the whole affair defeats them .
a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .
what saves it . . . and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice .
troubling and powerful .
a picture that extols the virtues of comradeship and community in a spunky , spirited fashion .
this mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy .
shunji iwai's all about lily chou chou is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in japan .
the piano teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control .
the package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped is disappointingly generic .
made-up lampoons the moviemaking process itself , while shining a not particularly flattering spotlight on america's skin-deep notions of pulchritude .
confounding because it solemnly advances a daringly preposterous thesis . acting cannot be acted .
some actors steal scenes . tom green just gives them a bad odor . this self-infatuated goofball is far from the only thing wrong with the clumsy comedy stealing harvard , but he's the most obvious one .
a good documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold . a case in point : doug pray's scratch .
a delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life tosses at them .
a beautiful and haunting examination of the stories we tell ourselves to make sense of the mundane horrors of the world .
the picture is a primer on what happens when lack of know-how mixes with lack of give-a-damn .
nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters .
as an introduction to the man's theories and influence , derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it's invaluable .
[chaiken's] talent lies in an evocative , accurate observation of a distinctive milieu and in the lively , convincing dialogue she creates for her characters .
a savvy exploration of paranoia and insecurity in america's culture of fear .
pan nalin's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic .
its story about a young chinese woman , ah na , who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling .
godawful boring slug of a movie .
clint eastwood's blood work is a lot like a well-made pb& j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises – but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .
neatly constructed thriller .
cinematic poo .
partly a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless .
home alone goes hollywood , a funny premise until the kids start pulling off stunts not even steven spielberg would know how to do . besides , real movie producers aren't this nice .
borstal boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .
a tremendous piece of work .
the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum's good intentions .
kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie . and adults will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film's lamer instincts are in the saddle .
it's a decent glimpse into a time period , and an outcast , that is no longer accessible , but it doesn't necessarily shed more light on its subject than the popular predecessor .
it makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing .
prancing his way through the tailor-made part of a male hooker approaching the end of his vitality , jagger obviously relishes every self-mocking moment .
although huppert's intensity and focus has a raw exhilaration about it , the piano teacher is anything but fun .
what's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy .
for all its brilliant touches , dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .
jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .
it's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .
a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it .
others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that 'the urge to destroy is also a creative urge' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find morrison's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .
the riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make love a joy to behold .
are monsters born , or made ?
the increasingly diverse french director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .
the campy results make mel brooks' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated .
ja rule and kurupt should have gotten to rap . it would have benefitted the dialogue .
one of the greatest romantic comedies of the past decade .
strip it of all its excess debris , and you'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie . as it is , it's too long and unfocused .
equlibrium could pass for a thirteen-year-old's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 .
for this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league .
madonna has made herself over so often now , there's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson's nose .
predictably melodramatic .
it's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who doesn't think about percentages all day long .
the film is strictly routine .
this is a train wreck of an action film -- a stupefying attempt by the filmmakers to force-feed james bond into the mindless xxx mold and throw 40 years of cinematic history down the toilet in favor of bright flashes and loud bangs .
polished korean political-action film is just as good -- and bad -- as hollywood action epics . is this progress ?
may reawaken discussion of the kennedy assassination but this fictional film looks made for cable rather than for the big screen .
entertainment more disposable than hanna-barbera's half-hour cartoons ever were .
[davis] has a bright , chipper style that keeps things moving , while never quite managing to connect her wish-fulfilling characters to the human race .
but this is not a movie about an inhuman monster ; it's about a very human one .
a solid film . . . but more conscientious than it is truly stirring .
i can't remember the last time i saw an audience laugh so much during a movie , but there's only one problem…it's supposed to be a drama .
this is carion's debut feature but his script and direction hums with a confidence that many spend entire careers trying to reach .
there's really only one good idea in this movie , but the director runs with it and presents it with an unforgettable visual panache .
there is a subversive element to this disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability .
takes one character we don't like and another we don't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and isn't very funny .
i'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing's happening , or the part where something's happening , but it's stupid .
the director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in [the characters'] misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it .
drives for the same kind of bittersweet , conciliatory tone that three seasons achieved but loses its way in rhetorical excess and blatant sentimentality .
majidi's poetic love story is a ravishing consciousness-raiser , if a bit draggy at times .
it's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert .
if the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals , it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material .
this is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life .
jarecki and gibney do find enough material to bring kissinger's record into question and explain how the diplomat's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives .
if the first men in black was money , the second is small change . but it still jingles in the pocket . it's fun lite .
a movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of cho's fans .
trapped won't score points for political correctness , but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness .
fans of critics' darling band wilco will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i am trying to break your heart .
denis forges out of the theories of class- based rage and sisterly obsession a razor-sided tuning fork that rings with cultural , sexual and social discord .
the beautiful , unusual music is this film's chief draw , but its dreaminess may lull you to sleep .
what enlivens this film , beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates .
love may have been in the air onscreen , but i certainly wasn't feeling any of it .
what's next : " my mother the car ? "
the film aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once . the extent to which it succeeds is impressive .
the actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen .
frenetic but not really funny .
lacks dramatic punch and depth .
it's rare to find a film to which the adjective 'gentle' applies , but the word perfectly describes pauline & paulette .
everything that has to do with yvan and charlotte , and everything that has to do with yvan's rambunctious , jewish sister and her non-jew husband , feels funny and true .
death might be a release .
unfolds in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling .
ahhhh . . . revenge is sweet !
[garbus] discards the potential for pathological study , exhuming instead , the skewed melodrama of the circumstantial situation .
for those in search of something different , wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .
despite her relentless vim and winsome facial symmetry , witherspoon is just too dialed-up to be america's sweetheart .
a thoroughly awful movie--dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy . . . a weird amalgam of 'the thing' and a geriatric 'scream . '
beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances , it's a lyrical endeavour .
never does " lilo & stitch " reach the emotion or timelessness of disney's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as " mulan " or " tarzan . "
a good music documentary , probably one of the best since the last waltz .
a classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached .
matches neorealism's impact by showing the humanity of a war-torn land filled with people who just want to live their lives .
[green is] the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i'm just about ready to go to the u . n . and ask permission for a preemptive strike .
significantly better than its 2002 children's-movie competition .
might best be enjoyed as a daytime soaper .
neither quite a comedy nor a romance , more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .
what madonna does here can't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it's moving and it's talking and it's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once .
the film is a masterpiece of nuance and characterization , marred only by an inexplicable , utterly distracting blunder at the very end .
allen se atreve a atacar , a atacarse y nos ofrece gags que van de la sonrisa a la risa de larga duración
efteriades gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug .
clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .
a non-mystery mystery .
expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street .
a mix of velocity and idiocy , this ruinous remake lacks the brawn -- and the brains -- of the 1970s original .
the only thing that could possibly make them less interesting than they already are is for them to get full montied into a scrappy , jovial team .
take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses , but nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length .
just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting . there are a few modest laughs , but certainly no thrills .
what's next ? rob schneider , dana carvey and sarah michelle gellar in the philadelphia story ? david spade as citizen kane ?
odd and weird .
turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film's characters
there is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that's hard to resist .
feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime . . . and , perhaps more than he realizes , just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work .
a glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism .
a brutally dry satire of middle american numbness .
yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack . . . and his chemistry with shimizu is very believable .
jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera's drama and lyricism .
when perry fists a bull at the moore farm , it's only a matter of time before he gets the upper hand in matters of the heart .
an original gem about an obsession with time .
this sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama . he's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does .
a movie that falls victim to frazzled wackiness and frayed satire .
if we don't demand a standard of quality for the art that we choose , we deserve the trash that we get .
every time you look , sweet home alabama is taking another bummer of a wrong turn .
it's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and he's got as potent a topic as ever here .
garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely appealing couple , and even though their story is predictable , you'll want things to work out .
the soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission .
a wildly entertaining scan of evans' career .
'es en verdad una pena que mandoki esté realizando cintas tan malas desde hace algún tiempo , pues talento tiene , pero quién sabe dónde lo tiene escondido . '
cho continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio .
this follow-up seems so similar to the 1953 disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric peter .
great over-the-top moviemaking if you're in a slap-happy mood .
a selection of scenes in search of a movie .
a family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what is needed to live a rich and full life .
a piquant meditation on the things that prevent people from reaching happiness .
a pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between xxx and vertical limit .
fortunately , elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .
while super troopers is above academy standards , its quintet of writers could still use some more schooling .
brilliantly explores the conflict between following one's heart and following the demands of tradition .
was i scared ? only at the prospect of beck's next project . let's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what's next . . . ghost blimp ?
. . . standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added .
if you can stomach the rough content , it's worth checking out for the performances alone .
too much of this well-acted but dangerously slow thriller feels like a preamble to a bigger , more complicated story , one that never materializes .
. . . only bond can save us from the latest eccentric , super-wealthy megalomaniac bent on world domination and destruction .
witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions . it's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor . like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .
the plot is plastered with one hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults .
[tries] to parody a genre that's already a joke in the united states . the movie is the equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay .
uncommonly stylish but equally silly . . . the picture fails to generate much suspense , nor does it ask searching enough questions to justify its pretensions .
a cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary .
i prefer soderbergh's concentration on his two lovers over tarkovsky's mostly male , mostly patriarchal debating societies .
this 90-minute dud could pass for mike tyson's e ! true hollywood story .
that it'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture
one of the smartest takes on singles culture i've seen in a long time .
standing in the shadows of motown is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow .
parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic . but mostly it's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .
a rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd .
provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust .
when the fire burns out , we've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that's where the film ultimately fails .
like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through , the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .
overall , it's a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs .
there are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit .
oversexed , at times overwrought comedy/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single .
formulaic to the 51st power , more like .
it may be about drug dealers , kidnapping , and unsavory folks , but the tone and pacing are shockingly intimate .
jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair .
never inspires more than an interested detachment .
hardly a masterpiece , but it introduces viewers to a good charitable enterprise and some interesting real people .
less front-loaded and more shapely than the two-hour version released here in 1990 .
reggio and glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that glass's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby .
narc can only remind us of brilliant crime dramas without becoming one itself .
very well made , but doesn't generate a lot of tension .
i couldn't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy .
paid in full is so stale , in fact , that its most vibrant scene is one that uses clips from brian de palma's scarface . that's a cheat .
what bloody sunday lacks in clarity , it makes up for with a great , fiery passion .
scherfig's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky .
the adventures of pluto nash is a whole lot of nada .
brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade .
truly terrible .
while the path may be familiar , first-time director denzel washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting .
harmless fun .
take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he'll be your slave for a year .
romanek's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals . beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork , one hour photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .
. . . a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department .
even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .
a lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless .
otto-sallies has a real filmmaker's eye .
an intermittently pleasing but mostly routine effort .
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm . . . the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs .
a visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects .
this is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .
<em>ash wednesday</em> is not edward burns' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film . and it marks him as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today .
while it's nothing we haven't seen before from murphy , i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it's more than a worthwhile effort .
been there done that .
even with a green mohawk and a sheet of fire-red flame tattoos covering his shoulder , however , kilmer seems to be posing , rather than acting . and that leaves a hole in the center of the salton sea .
there's . . . tremendous energy from the cast , a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate .
takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope : ichi the killer
a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact .
hey , who else needs a shower ?
why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ?
finds a way to tell a simple story , perhaps the simplest story of all , in a way that seems compelling and even original .
high crimes steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it can't help but engage an audience .
children of the century , though well dressed and well made , ultimately falls prey to the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers .
a pleasurably jacked-up piece of action moviemaking .
what one is left with , even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .
this is standard crime drama fare . . . instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .
sam mendes has become valedictorian at the school for soft landings and easy ways out .
i guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen .
a few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady's direction is prosaic .
while there are times when the film's reach exceeds its grasp , the production works more often than it doesn't .
when [reno] lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w . bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al . , reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture .
did the film inform and educate me ? yes . did it move me to care about what happened in 1915 armenia ? no . and that is where ararat went astray .
a whole lot foul , freaky and funny .
a taut psychological thriller that doesn't waste a moment of its two-hour running time .
there's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one .
if this story must be told and retold -- and indeed it must -- then the grey zone is to be lauded for finding a new and ingenious angle .
really quite funny .
a live-wire film that never loses its ability to shock and amaze .
[cho's face is] an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots .
the sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other -- shines through every frame .
better at putting you to sleep than a sound machine .
it's a 100-year old mystery that is constantly being interrupted by elizabeth hurley in a bathing suit .
shows that jackie chan is getting older , and that's something i would rather live in denial about
provides a porthole into that noble , trembling incoherence that defines us all .
the holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot .
it is a comedy that's not very funny and an action movie that is not very thrilling ( and an uneasy alliance , at that ) .
the metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery .
there is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract .
this delicately observed story , deeply felt and masterfully stylized , is a triumph for its maverick director .
deuces wild treads heavily into romeo and juliet/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going .
acting , particularly by tambor , almost makes " never again " worthwhile , but [writer/director] schaeffer should follow his titular advice
the film's most improbable feat ? it didn't go straight to video .
a derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches .
however it may please those who love movies that blare with pop songs , young science fiction fans will stomp away in disgust .
if melville is creatively a great whale , this film is canned tuna .
an amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video .
that the e-graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin's film serves up with style and empathy .
if you dig on david mamet's mind tricks . . . rent this movie and enjoy !
a sensitive , moving , brilliantly constructed work .
nair stuffs the film with dancing , henna , ornamentation , and group song , but her narrative clichés and telegraphed episodes smell of old soap opera .
you could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time .
it's the type of film about growing up that we don't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least .
the movie's downfall is to substitute plot for personality . it doesn't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events .
it's never dull and always looks good .
an intimate , good-humored ethnic comedy like numerous others but cuts deeper than expected .
diane lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful .
for a film that's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama isn't as funny as you'd hoped . for a film that's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama isn't as funny as you'd hoped .
this is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative . mr . scorsese's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated .
with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this cinderella story doesn't have a single surprise up its sleeve . but it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .
although german cooking does not come readily to mind when considering the world's best cuisine , mostly martha could make deutchland a popular destination for hungry tourists .
the criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters . . .
you could say that it's slow at times , you could say that a few of the characters act in ways that real people wouldn't , but one thing you couldn't say is that alias betty is predictable .
poor ben bratt couldn't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .
while the story's undeniably hard to follow , iwai's gorgeous visuals seduce .
what remains is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip .
a distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely feature-length running time of one hour .
seldom has a movie so closely matched the spirit of a man and his work .
nothing about it fits .
renner's performance as dahmer is unforgettable , deeply absorbing .
often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part .
the movie does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds .
finely crafted , finely written , exquisitely performed
while the film is not entirely successful , it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work .
it's one pussy-ass world when even killer-thrillers revolve around group therapy sessions .
what " empire " lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart .
dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring .
behind the snow games and lovable siberian huskies ( plus one sheep dog ) , the picture hosts a parka-wrapped dose of heart .
a behind the scenes look at the training and dedication that goes into becoming a world-class fencer and the champion that's made a difference to nyc inner-city youth .
. . . if you're in a mind set for goofy comedy , the troopers will entertain with their gross outs , bawdy comedy and head games .
philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess .
no amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure this movie's lack of ideas .
a yawn-provoking little farm melodrama .
yet another entry in the sentimental oh-those-wacky-brits genre that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash hit .
the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me .
talk to her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it's hard to stop watching .
this filmed tosca -- not the first , by the way -- is a pretty good job , if it's filmed tosca that you want . i'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper .
a triumph , relentless and beautiful in its downbeat darkness .
for its seriousness , high literary aspirations and stunning acting , the film can only be applauded .
proof that a thriller can be sleekly shot , expertly cast , paced with crisp professionalism . . . and still be a letdown if its twists and turns hold no more surprise than yesterday's weather report .
watching harris ham it up while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death , but boyd's film offers little else of consequence .
to call the other side of heaven " appalling " would be to underestimate just how dangerous entertainments like it can be .
it's still a comic book , but maguire makes it a comic book with soul .
the movie does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating .
the most remarkable ( and frustrating ) thing about world traveler , which opens today in manhattan , is that its protagonist , after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes , remains a complete blank .
once ice-t sticks his mug in the window of the couple's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window .
though it never rises to its full potential as a film , still offers a great deal of insight into the female condition and the timeless danger of emotions repressed .
godard uses his characters -- if that's not too glorified a term -- as art things , mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks .
kept aloft largely by a comically adept ensemble .
benefits from a strong performance from zhao , but it's dong jie's face you remember at the end .
decasia is what has happened already to so many silent movies , newsreels and the like . the unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful .
connoisseurs of chinese film will be pleased to discover that tian's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question 'why ? '
the film is insightful about kissinger's background and history .
what started out as a taut contest of wills between bacon and theron , deteriorates into a protracted and borderline silly chase sequence .
it's this memory-as-identity obviation that gives secret life its intermittent unease , reaffirming that long-held illusions are indeed reality , and that erasing them recasts the self .
at once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .
it's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo .
although estela bravo's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro , it's still a guilty pleasure to watch .
beware the quirky brit-com . they can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental .
has its charming quirks and its dull spots .
a brutally honest documentary about a much anticipated family reunion that goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others .
as with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .
kung pow is oedekerk's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that .
it is a film that will have people walking out halfway through , will encourage others to stand up and applaud , and will , undoubtedly , leave both camps engaged in a ferocious debate for years to come .
for almost the first two-thirds of martin scorsese's 168-minute gangs of new york , i was entranced .
another love story in 2002's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre .
beautifully crafted and brutally honest , promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people .
when [de palma's] bad , he's really bad , and femme fatale ranks with the worst he has done .
it's a talking head documentary , but a great one .
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions , but there's nothing here that they couldn't have done in half an hour .
characters wander into predictably treacherous situations even though they should know better .
an interesting look behind the scenes of chicago-based rock group wilco . . .
the problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not .
maelstrom is a deliberately unsteady mixture of stylistic elements .
a perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy .
with rabbit-proof fence , noyce has tailored an epic tale into a lean , economical movie .
. . . an otherwise intense , twist-and-turn thriller that certainly shouldn't hurt talented young gaghan's resume .
a sophomoric exploration of 'life problems' most people solved long ago -- or at least got tired of hearing people kvetch about .
though filmed partly in canada , paid in full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years .
this is pretty dicey material . but some unexpected zigs and zags help .
compelling as it is exotic , fast runner has a plot that rivals shakespeare for intrigue , treachery and murder .
films about loss , grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days . seen in that light , moonlight mile should strike a nerve in many .
it could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe's misunderstanding of marivaux's rhythms , and mira sorvino's limitations as a classical actress .
that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults .
half submarine flick , half ghost story , all in one criminally neglected film
nothing about this movie works .
cattaneo reworks the formula that made the full monty a smashing success . . . but neglects to add the magic that made it all work .
a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity .
represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema .
the emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down .
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship .
the angst-ridden , affluent slacker characters are more grating than engaging .
cuba gooding jr . valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy .
" red dragon " is entertaining . an obvious copy of one of the best films ever made , how could it not be ? but it is entertaining on an inferior level . it is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .
the additional storyline is interesting and entertaining , but it doesn't have the same magical quality as the beginning of the story . i like the new footage and still love the old stuff .
at its worst the screenplay is callow , but at its best it is a young artist's thoughtful consideration of fatherhood .
mib ii is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything . that's because relatively nothing happens .
stands as a document of what it felt like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11 .
this hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on hopkins' inclination to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .
star trek was kind of terrific once , but now it is a copy of a copy of a copy .
the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea . but the movie that doesn't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
obvious
flaccid drama and exasperatingly slow journey .
steven spielberg brings us another masterpiece
this is so de palma . if you love him , you'll like it . if you don't . . . well , skip to another review .
on top of a foundering performance , [madonna's] denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices .
a culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is .
those who love cinema paradiso will find the new scenes interesting , but few will find the movie improved .
the picture doesn't know it's a comedy .
the direction , by george hickenlooper , has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism .
donovan . . . squanders his main asset , jackie chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences .
a small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) .
one of the worst movies of the year .
a smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy .
stay away . far away .
despite a story predictable enough to make the sound of music play like a nail-biting thriller , its heart is so much in the right place it is difficult to get really peeved at it .
the rock has a great presence but one battle after another is not the same as one battle followed by killer cgi effects .
fast and funny , an action cartoon that's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd .
bluto blutarsky , we miss you .
a movie i loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance .
it's played in the most straight-faced fashion , with little humor to lighten things up . the heavy-handed film is almost laughable as a consequence .
despite its shortcomings , girls can't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre .
may take its sweet time to get wherever it's going , but if you have the patience for it , you won't feel like it's wasted yours .
. . . post-september 11 , " the sum of all fears " seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .
parts seem like they were lifted from terry gilliam's subconscious , pressed through kafka's meat grinder and into buñuel's casings
a backstage must-see for true fans of comedy .
the biggest problem with this movie is that it's not nearly long enough .
brosnan's finest non-bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes .
inconsequential road-and-buddy pic .
pretend it's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away . it's fun , but it's a real howler .
performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances .
spielberg's realization of a near-future america is masterful . this makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever .
a marvel like none you've seen .
the moviegoing equivalent of going to a dinner party and being forced to watch the host and hostess's home video of their baby's birth .
a hip ride into hyper-time , clockstoppers is a lively and enjoyable adventure for all ages at any time .
the most horrific movie experience i've had since " can't stop the music . " it may as well be called " jar-jar binks : the movie . " it's that painful .
it's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once .
a real clunker . a well-made , thoughtful , well-acted clunker , but a clunker nonetheless .
the entire movie establishes a wonderfully creepy mood .
interesting and thoroughly unfaithful version of carmen
lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest .
it is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth .
a film that is a portrait of grace in an imperfect world .
shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling .
like a precious and finely cut diamond , magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it's one tough rock .
calculated swill .
just like every other seagal movie , only louder and without that silly ponytail .
we've seen it all before in one form or another , but director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world's greatest teacher .
i found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound .
it's not particularly well made , but since i found myself howling more than cringing , i'd say the film works .
the structure the film takes may find matt damon and ben affleck once again looking for residuals as this officially completes a good will hunting trilogy that was never planned .
a charming and funny story of clashing cultures and a clashing mother/daughter relationship .
the result is something quite fresh and delightful .
the script's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off .
one big blustery movie where nothing really happens . when it comes out on video , then it's the perfect cure for insomnia .
a solid piece of journalistic work that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy .
a movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between highlander and lolita .
vividly conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .
beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart . it really is a shame that more won't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet 'evelyn . '
none of birthday girl's calculated events take us by surprise . . .
viveka seldahl and sven wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget .
the film has a terrific look and salma hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life .
i'd be lying if i said my ribcage didn't ache by the end of kung pow .
depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then laughs at how clever it's being .
evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes .
moretti . . . is the rare common-man artist who's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness .
it's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .
the setting is so cool that it chills the characters , reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of " intacto's " dangerous and seductively stylish game .
a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- well , i'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop .
real women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way .
schnitzler's film has a great hook , some clever bits and well-drawn , if standard issue , characters , but is still only partly satisfying .
the movie's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase 'fatal script error . '
an undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic .
there is so much plodding sensitivity .
to the civilized mind , a movie like ballistic : ecks vs . sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway .
while broomfield's film doesn't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .
the film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers .
an enchanting film that presents an audacious tour of the past and takes within its warm embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts inside st . petersburg's hermitage museum .
even better than the first one !
white hasn't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else .
the film is based on truth and yet there is something about it that feels incomplete , as if the real story starts just around the corner .
it's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming .
for 95 often hilarious minutes , [cho] riffs on the diciness of colonics , on straight versus gay personal ads , on how men would act if they had periods , and on the perils of a certain outré sexual practice .
brosnan is more feral in this film than i've seen him before and halle berry does her best to keep up with him .
overall the film feels like a low-budget tv pilot that could not find a buyer to play it on the tube .
verbinski substitutes atmosphere for action , tedium for thrills .
every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable . there's no energy .
director chris eyre is going through the paces again with his usual high melodramatic style of filmmaking .
this is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force .
this extremely unfunny film clocks in at 80 minutes , but feels twice as long .
beneath clouds is a succinct low-budget film whose compelling characters and intelligent script are exactly what was missing from rabbit-proof fence .
some motion pictures portray ultimate passion ; others create ultimate thrills . men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic .
most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river .
you'll end up moved .
look , this is a terrific flick replete with dazzling camera-work , dancing and music .
a processed comedy chop suey .
at 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer .
this movie has the usual impossible stunts . . . but it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie .
this is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action .
culkin turns his character into what is basically an anti-harry potter -- right down to the gryffindor scarf .
the movie is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents .
the film is a travesty of the genre and even as spoof takes itself too seriously .
certainly the performances are worthwhile .
with its paint fights , motorized scooter chases and dewy-eyed sentiment , it's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés .
[a] real pleasure in its laid-back way .
pumpkin struts about with " courage " pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back .
moore's performance impresses almost as much as her work with haynes in 1995's safe .
there's much tongue in cheek in the film and there's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all .
chabrol has taken promising material for a black comedy and turned it instead into a somber chamber drama .
there's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .
what's so striking about jolie's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair .
potty-mouthed enough for pg-13 , yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .
without [de niro] , city by the sea would slip under the waves . he drags it back , single-handed .
broomfield has a rather unique approach to documentary . he thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject .
good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like clueless does south fork .
the magic of the film lies not in the mysterious spring but in the richness of its performances .
probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent .
the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard ( which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog ) is that it's not as obnoxious as tom green's freddie got fingered .
you could love safe conduct ( laissez passer ) for being a subtitled french movie that is 170 minutes long . you could hate it for the same reason .
the characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .
jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive .
for the most part , it's a work of incendiary genius , steering clear of knee-jerk reactions and quick solutions .
but tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde's droll whimsy helps " being earnest " overcome its weaknesses and parker's creative interference . . .
witty , contemplative , and sublimely beautiful .
smith's approach is never to tease , except gently and in that way that makes us consider our own eccentricities and how they are expressed through our homes .
aan opportunity wasted .
a chilling movie without oppressive gore .
the quirky and recessive charms of co-stars martin donovan and mary-louise parker help overcome the problematic script .
qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating .
enjoy it for what it is ; you can hate yourself later .
what a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this is .
from blushing to gushing---imamura squirts the screen in ‘warm water under a red bridge'
a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller .
what [frei] gives us . . . is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows .
a hysterical yet humorless disquisition on the thin line between sucking face and literally sucking face .
unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of…emotional recovery .
a deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .
instead of trying to bust some blondes , [diggs] should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .
rubbo's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy .
one of the greatest family-oriented , fantasy-adventure movies ever .
a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist .
the essential problem in orange county is that , having created an unusually vivid set of characters worthy of its strong cast , the film flounders when it comes to giving them something to do .
. . . wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams .
a half-assed film .
. . . another example of how sandler is losing his touch .
a free-for-all of half-baked thoughts , clumsily used visual tricks and self-indulgent actor moments .
a sentimental hybrid that could benefit from the spice of specificity .
an undeniably gorgeous , terminally smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band .
an interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama .
in the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest .
os problemas têm início a partir do momento em que saímos do cinema e começamos a pensar sobre o que acabamos de ver . É então que sinais realmente desaponta .
hardly an objective documentary , but it's great cinematic polemic . . . love moore or loathe him , you've got to admire . . . the intensity with which he's willing to express his convictions .
marries the amateurishness of the blair witch project with the illogic of series 7 : the contenders to create a completely crass and forgettable movie .
implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all .
an awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism .
safe conduct , however ambitious and well-intentioned , fails to hit the entertainment bull's-eye .
just as moving , uplifting and funny as ever .
it dares to be a little different , and that shading is what makes it worthwhile .
there's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .
a harrowing account of a psychological breakdown .
every dance becomes about seduction , where backstabbing and betrayals are celebrated , and sex is currency .
brainy , artistic and muted , almost to the point of suffocation .
it's a bad thing when a movie has about as much substance as its end credits blooper reel .
the whole thing comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break .
. . . begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully .
a very well-meaning movie , and it will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy .
it's a drawling , slobbering , lovable run-on sentence of a film , a southern gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack .
nair's cast is so large it's altman-esque , but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion .
this is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives .
es triste tener que decirles que lo único grato de la cinta es el cuerpo desnudo de la heather . . .
[t]hose same extremes prevent us from taking its message seriously , and the stepford wives mentality doesn't work in a modern context .
a dreary indulgence .
boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing .
any film that doesn't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .
looks and feels like a project better suited for the small screen .
the film makes a strong case for the importance of the musicians in creating the motown sound .
equal parts bodice-ripper and plodding costume drama .
the movie should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end .
munch's screenplay is tenderly observant of his characters . he watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities . his scenes are short and often unexpected .
roman polanski directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion .
all in all , a great party .
offers much to enjoy . . . and a lot to mull over in terms of love , loyalty and the nature of staying friends .
allows us to hope that nolan is poised to embark a major career as a commercial yet inventive filmmaker .
director claude chabrol has become the master of innuendo . it is not what you see , it is what you think you see .
makes for some truly odd , at times confusing , kids entertainment . . . but at least this time there's some centered storytelling to go along with all the weird stuff .
byler reveals his characters in a way that intrigues and even fascinates us , and he never reduces the situation to simple melodrama .
features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film .
its director's most substantial feature for some time .
a mess when it comes to the characters and writing . . . but works its way underneath the skin like few movies have in recent memory .
kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story . parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults .
wow , so who knew charles dickens could be so light-hearted ?
s1m0ne's satire is not subtle , but it is effective . it's a quirky , off-beat project . . . .
at the very least , if you don't know anything about derrida when you walk into the theater , you won't know much more when you leave .
several of steven soderbergh's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist . sadly , full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante .
little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick .
the film was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one ( and no one ) .
with its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters . . . margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .
the film doesn't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half
…it wasn't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film…it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , " wait a second , did i miss something ? " ending .
just offbeat enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over .
a great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family .
once one experiences mr . haneke's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one's mouth , and little else .
it's a much more emotional journey than what shyamalan has given us in his past two movies , and gibson , stepping in for bruce willis , is the perfect actor to take us on the trip .
the film would work much better as a video installation in a museum , where viewers would be free to leave . immediately .
as literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children's entertainment . you'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids .
at once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance .
kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .
helmer hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome .
sensitively examines general issues of race and justice among the poor , and specifically raises serious questions about the death penalty and asks what good the execution of a mentally challenged woman could possibly do .
there's nothing remotely topical or sexy here .
the story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin .
it manages to squeeze by on angelina jolie's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy .
is there enough material to merit a documentary on the making of wilco's last album ?
any one episode of the sopranos would send this ill-conceived folly to sleep with the fishes .
trite , banal , cliched , mostly inoffensive .
great story , bad idea for a movie .
the story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired . the performances are all solid ; it merely lacks originality to make it a great movie .
what i saw , i enjoyed .
[barry] gives assassin a disquieting authority .
as 'chick flicks' go , this one is pretty miserable , resorting to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development and intelligent plotting .
low rent from frame one .
. . . is there a deeper , more direct connection between these women , one that spans time and reveals meaning ? you bet there is and it's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking .
. . . an interesting slice of history .
going to the website may be just as fun ( and scary ) as going to the film .
ultimately this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay .
the great pity is that those responsible didn't cut their losses – and ours – and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home .
rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories .
a modestly surprising movie .
rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them .
the appearance of treebeard and gollum's expanded role will either have you loving what you're seeing , or rolling your eyes . i loved it ! gollum's 'performance' is incredible !
it bites hard .
the only thing i laughed at were the people who paid to see it .
a wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture .
the film is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor .
it's so badly made on every level that i'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .
the experience of watching blobby old-school cgi animation in this superlarge format is just surreal enough to be diverting .
the animation is competent , and some of the gags are quite funny , but jonah . . . never shakes the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment .
bartleby is a one-joke movie , and a bad joke at that .
. . . turns so unforgivably trite in its last 10 minutes that anyone without a fortified sweet tooth will likely go into sugar shock .
what's surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm .
an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality .
never [sinks] into exploitation .
happily , some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude . for proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls , retrospectively , his most personal work yet .
the film's welcome breeziness and some unbelievably hilarious moments -- most portraying the idiocy of the film industry -- make it mostly worth the trip .
a generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set .
this odd , distant portuguese import more or less borrows from bad lieutenant and les vampires , and comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film .
will give many ministers and bible-study groups hours of material to discuss . but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .
saved from being merely way-cool by a basic , credible compassion .
human resources was a good , straightforward tale , but time out is better . it's haunting . it's like a poem .
solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke
bad beyond belief and ridiculous beyond description .
blade ii is as estrogen-free as movies get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one , or she's gonna make you feel like you owe her big-time .
i like it . no , i hate it . no , i love it . . . hell , i dunno .
there's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau .
this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek ( as well as a serious debt to the road warrior ) , but it feels like unrealized potential
no one goes unindicted here , which is probably for the best . and if you're not nearly moved to tears by a couple of scenes , you've got ice water in your veins .
directed in a flashy , empty sub-music video style by a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his first name
everyone's insecure in lovely and amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships .
throw smoochy from the train !
fear permeates the whole of stortelling , todd solondz' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique .
nicolas cage isn't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie won't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career .
though it runs 163 minutes , safe conduct is anything but languorous . it's packed to bursting with incident , and with scores of characters , some fictional , some from history .
devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .
obvious politics and rudimentary animation reduce the chances that the appeal of hey arnold ! the movie will reach far beyond its core demographic .
the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others . it also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .
huppert's superbly controlled display of murderous vulnerability ensures that malice has a very human face .
the trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through .
visually captivating .
long after you leave justine , you'll be wondering what will happen to her and wishing her the best -- whatever that might mean .
putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a pandora's box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest .
the ingenuity that parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of wilde himself .
steers turns in a snappy screenplay that curls at the edges ; it's so clever you want to hate it . but he somehow pulls it off .
all that ( powerpuff girls ) charm is present in the movie , but it's spread too thin .
even by dumb action-movie standards , ballistic : ecks vs . sever is a dumb action movie .
uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth .
an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks .
like mike isn't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - with nothing but net .
worth a look as a curiosity .
don't let your festive spirit go this far .
the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish , and the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it's also too stupid to realize that they've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
the story ultimately takes hold and grips hard .
we get an image of big papa spanning history , rather than suspending it .
the unexplored story opportunities of " punch-drunk love " may have worked against the maker's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson .
if you're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger , enough is just the ticket you need .
if you grew up on scooby -- you'll love this movie . matthew lillard is born to play shaggy !
it uses the pain and violence of war as background material for color .
ordinary melodrama that is heavy on religious symbols but wafer-thin on dramatic substance
these guys seem great to knock back a beer with but they're simply not funny performers .
most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots . the movie isn't horrible , but you can see mediocre cresting on the next wave .
overly long and worshipful bio-doc .
with more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man's monster movie .
even those of a single digit age will be able to recognize that this story is too goofy . . . even for disney .
kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope .
in the era of the sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .
a very pretty after-school special . it's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it .
a sha-na-na sketch punctuated with graphic violence .
other than a mildly engaging central romance , hospital is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst .
one-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation . . . . stylistically , the movie is a disaster .
schindler's list it ain't .
it all comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow . i can't .
[ " take care of my cat " ] is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals .
oh , james ! your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this , madonna's cameo doesn't suck !
occasionally melodramatic , it's also extremely effective .
a drama of great power , yet some members of the audience will leave the theater believing they have seen a comedy .
it's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax .
a gob of drivel so sickly sweet , even the eager consumers of moore's pasteurized ditties will retch it up like rancid crème brûlée .
gaping plot holes sink this 'sub'-standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth .
a morose little soap opera about three vapid , insensitive people who take turns hurting each other . it's a feature-length adaptation of one of those " can this marriage be saved ? " columns from ladies home journal . . .
as the movie traces mr . brown's athletic exploits , it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
i would have preferred a transfer down the hall to mr . holland's class for the music , or to robin williams's lecture so i could listen to a teacher with humor , passion , and verve .
a jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game plan at scripting , shooting or post-production stages .
basically , it's pretty but dumb .
niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in hollywood , only god speaks to the press
birthday girl lucks out with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie's darker turns .
a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm .
children may not understand everything that happens -- i'm not sure even miyazaki himself does -- but they will almost certainly be fascinated , and undoubtedly delighted .
the only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants . . . who might be distracted by the movie's quick movements and sounds .
sensitive though not quite revelatory documentary .
although fairly involving as far as it goes , the film doesn't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything .
almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called 'the gift of tears . '
keenly observed and refreshingly natural , swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s . c . , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
unflinchingly bleak and desperate
evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter's invention .
. . . planos fijos , tomas largas , un ritmo pausado y una sutil observación de sus personajes , sin estridencias ni grandes revelaciones .
too timid to bring a sense of closure to an ugly chapter of the twentieth century .
the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet .
land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored .
lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child's interest and an adult's patience . but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming .
defies logic , the laws of physics and almost anyone's willingness to believe in it . but darned if it doesn't also keep us riveted to our seats .
haneke challenges us to confront the reality of sexual aberration .
the weakest of the four harry potter books has been transformed into the stronger of the two films by the thinnest of margins .
a fine film , but it would be a lot better if it stuck to betty fisher and left out the other stories .
a dark , dull thriller with a parting shot that misfires .
impostor doesn't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast .
several degrees shy of the gross-out contests one expects from current teen fare .
the journey to the secret's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough .
as they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , signs is a tribute to shyamalan's gifts , which are such that we'll keep watching the skies for his next project .
never having seen the first two films in the series , i can't compare friday after next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .
apallingly absurd . . . the chemistry or lack thereof between newton and wahlberg could turn an imax theater into a 9 " black and white portable tv .
moody , heartbreaking , and filmed in a natural , unforced style that makes its characters seem entirely convincing even when its script is not .
the best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites .
steadfastly uncinematic but powerfully dramatic .
kaufman and jonze take huge risks to ponder the whole notion of passion -- our desire as human beings for passion in our lives and the emptiness one feels when it is missing .
sex is one of those films that aims to confuse .
for a debut film , skin of man , heart of beast feels unusually assured .
although jackson is doubtless reserving the darkest hours for the return of the king , we long for a greater sense of urgency in the here and now of the two towers .
as an actress , madonna is one helluva singer . as the mediterranean sparkles , 'swept away' sinks .
it may seem long at 110 minutes if you're not a fan , because it includes segments of 12 songs at a reunion concert .
kinnear's performance is a career-defining revelation .
a very charming and funny movie .
. . . a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i can't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here .
murderous maids has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud . . . and parmentier .
better to just call it abc kiarostami . for aids and africa are nothing more than part of the scenery .
the slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters .
i admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent's complaint .
high drama , disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky .
collateral damage finally delivers the goods for schwarzenegger fans .
ford deserves to be remembered at oscar time for crafting this wonderful portrait of a conflicted soldier .
these are textbook lives of quiet desperation .
this orange has some juice , but it's far from fresh-squeezed .
exactly what you'd expect from a guy named kaos .
new yorkers always seem to find the oddest places to dwell . . .
a mimetic approximation of better films like contempt and 8 1/2 .
ultimately the project comes across as clinical , detached , uninvolving , possibly prompting audience members to wonder , 'what's the point ? '
[davis] wants to cause his audience an epiphany , yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters .
a wildly inconsistent emotional experience .
a mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last .
i can't say that i liked homeboy ; it'd be more accurate to say that i found it intriguing , bizarre , dogma-like in spots - and quite truthful , in its way .
a quietly reflective and melancholy new zealand film about an eventful summer in a 13-year-old girl's life .
one of the best films i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense .
a mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences .
best indie of the year , so far .
the filmmaker ascends , literally , to the olympus of the art world , but he would have done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster .
shankman . . . and screenwriter karen janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story .
unlike the nauseating fictions peddled by such 'have-yourself-a-happy-little-holocaust' movies as life is beautiful and jakob the liar , the grey zone is honest enough to deny the possibility of hope in auschwitz .
your children will be occupied for 72 minutes .
[has] an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it's all true .
whether or not you buy mr . broomfield's findings , the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr . broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .
the acting , costumes , music , cinematography and sound are all astounding given the production's austere locales .
. . . a weak , manipulative , pencil-thin story that is miraculously able to entertain anyway .
an unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally played for maximum moisture .
an admirable , sometimes exceptional film
the venezuelans say things like " si , pretty much " and " por favor , go home " when talking to americans . that's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of " dragonfly . "
. . . while the humor aspects of 'jason x' were far more entertaining than i had expected , everything else about the film tanks .
[breheny's] lensing of the new zealand and cook island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people .
. . . a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes . after that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .
in spite of good housekeeping's unsavory characters and wwf mentality , this white trash war of the roses is a surprisingly engaging film .
[e]ventually , every idea in this film is flushed down the latrine of heroism .
it's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time .
. . . a rather bland affair .
by turns very dark and very funny .
last orders nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced . it's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective .
although tender and touching , the movie would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing .
[scherfig] has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters' lives after the clever credits roll .
an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we've been watching for decades
the audience when i saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that's a bad sign when they're supposed to be having a collective heart attack .
a model of what films like this should be like .
having had the good sense to cast actors who are , generally speaking , adored by the movie-going public , khouri then gets terrific performances from them all .
worth watching for dong jie's performance -- and for the way it documents a culture in the throes of rapid change .
less-than-compelling documentary of a yiddish theater clan .
ninety minutes of viva castro ! can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms' anti- castro rhetoric , which are included
a movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls .
overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances .
the performances are uniformly good .
audiences conditioned to getting weepy over saucer-eyed , downy-cheeked moppets and their empathetic caretakers will probably feel emotionally cheated by the film's tart , sugar-free wit .
avary's film never quite emerges from the shadow of ellis' book .
there's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film's simple title .
fierce , glaring and unforgettable .
ryan gosling is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted daniel .
a lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor .
i'll bet the video game is a lot more fun than the film .
you have enough finely tuned acting to compensate for the movie's failings .
entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately . . . dare i say , entertaining !
more dutiful than enchanting . . . terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat .
this tale has been told and retold ; the races and rackets change , but the song remains the same .
a muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that doesn't make much sense even on its own terms .
the film's bathos often overwhelms what could have been a more multifaceted look at this interesting time and place .
although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted , conjures a lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of middle america .
the tuxedo wasn't just bad ; it was , as my friend david cross would call it , 'hungry-man portions of bad' .
adaptation is simply brilliant .
everyone's to blame here .
there's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do joan and philip's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery .
as the princess , sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat . ben kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of ghandi gone bad .
hoffman notches in the nuances of pain , but his smart , edgy voice and waddling profile ( emphasized here ) accent the humor of wilson's plight , and that saves his pathos from drippiness .
a certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents .
possession is in the end an honorable , interesting failure . it falls far short of poetry , but it's not bad prose .
plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line .
not even the hanson brothers can save it
i've never seen ( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra's classic . . .
the film has a few cute ideas and several modest chuckles but it isn't exactly kiddie-friendly… alas , santa is more ho-hum than ho-ho-ho and the snowman ( who never gets to play that flute ) has all the charm of a meltdown .
had the film boasted a clearer , more memorable , the creepiness would have gotten under the skin .
a lot of the credit for the film's winning tone must go to grant , who hasn't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .
[howard] so good as leon barlow . . . that he hardly seems to be acting .
it's worth seeing just on the basis of the wisdom , and at times , the startling optimism , of the children .
davis has filled out his cast with appealing fresh faces .
a film that loses sight of its own story .
this sci-fi techno-sex thriller starts out bizarre and just keeps getting weirder .
while undisputed isn't exactly a high , it is a gripping , tidy little movie that takes mr . hill higher than he's been in a while .
although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking , the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey
. . . a movie that , quite simply , shouldn't have been made .
succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides .
williams absolutely nails sy's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness .
one suspects that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison .
although bright , well-acted and thought-provoking , tuck everlasting suffers from a laconic pace and a lack of traditional action .
true to its animatronic roots : . . . as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus . . . 'the country bears' should never have been brought out of hibernation .
the christ allegory doesn't work because there is no foundation for it
this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand .
after several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget .
thanks to the château's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation , almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises .
a three-hour cinema master class .
you can sip your vintage wines and watch your merchant ivory productions ; i'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week .
contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom .
the cast is phenomenal , especially the women .
[fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall] show us the world they love and make us love it , too .
an enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race .
director carl franklin , so crisp and economical in one false move , bogs down in genre cliches here .
so young , so smart , such talent , such a wise * * * .
deserves a place of honor next to nanook as a landmark in film history .
its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , steven soderbergh's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .
what could and should have been biting and droll is instead a tepid waste of time and talent .
much of what is meant to be 'inspirational' and 'uplifting' is simply distasteful to audiences not already sharing [the movie's] mindset .
lathan and diggs have considerable personal charm , and their screen rapport makes the old story seem new .
the result is good gossip , entertainingly delivered , yet with a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone .
the result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that wasn't at least watchable . but it's also disappointing to a certain degree .
the movie isn't painfully bad , something to be 'fully experienced' ; it's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten .
a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than " memento "
. . . the implication is kissinger may have decided that — when it comes to truncheoning — it's better to give than to receive .
at the end , when the now computerized yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
[t]he script isn't up to the level of the direction , nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi's now-cliched vampire accent .
piccoli's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm's-length in the film seem irritatingly transparent .
a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification .
for those for whom the name woody allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , hollywood ending is a depressing experience
. . . little more than a well-acted television melodrama shot for the big screen .
two-bit potboiler .
with flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity , undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout . . . by which time it's impossible to care who wins .
labute can't avoid a fatal mistake in the modern era : he's changed the male academic from a lower-class brit to an american , a choice that upsets the novel's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film .
boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory , impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie .
rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic .
smart and alert , thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem .
i'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : this erotic cannibal movie is boring .
starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches .
undoubtedly the scariest movie ever made about tattoos .
personal velocity ought to be exploring these women's inner lives , but it never moves beyond their surfaces .
the story . . . is moldy and obvious .
one of the most exciting action films to come out of china in recent years .
wes craven's presence is felt ; not the craven of 'a nightmare on elm street' or 'the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of 'deadly friend . '
not exactly the bees knees
a working class " us vs . them " opera that leaves no heartstring untugged and no liberal cause unplundered .
incoherence reigns .
about as enjoyable , i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces . . . positively dreadful .
'what's the russian word for wow ! ? '
the movie , while beautiful , feels labored , with a hint of the writing exercise about it .
charming and witty , it's also somewhat clumsy .
the chocolate factory without charlie .
there's no mistaking the fact that this hybrid misses the impact of the disney classic , and even that of the excellent 1934 mgm version .
a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad .
if you ignore the cliches and concentrate on city by the sea's interpersonal drama , it ain't half-bad .
' . . . mafia , rap stars and hood rats butt their ugly heads in a regurgitation of cinematic violence that gives brutal birth to an unlikely , but likable , hero . '
nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams .
it's both a necessary political work and a fascinating documentary . . .
it is , by conventional standards , a fairly terrible movie . . . but it is also weirdly fascinating , a ready-made eurotrash cult object . it is also , at times , curiously moving .
not completely loveable -- but what underdog movie since the bad news bears has been ? -- but certainly hard to hate .
[johnnie to and wai ka fai are] sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film's interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers .
the movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the " webcast . "
a hidden-agenda drama that shouts classic french nuance .
while the stoically delivered hokum of hart's war is never fun , it's still a worthy addition to the growing canon of post-saving private ryan tributes to the greatest generation .
the best of the pierce brosnan james bond films to date .
'cq may one day be fondly remembered as roman coppola's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
the film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all can't stand .
they threw loads of money at an idea that should've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .
everything about girls can't swim , even its passages of sensitive observation , feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way .
raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings .
it should be mentioned that the set design and interiors of the haunted vessel are more than effectively creepy and moodily lit . so i just did .
even in this less-than-magic kingdom , reese rules .
none of this has the suavity or classical familiarity of bond , but much of it is good for a laugh . the problem with " xxx " is that its own action isn't very effective .
the mesmerizing performances of the leads keep the film grounded and keep the audience riveted .
comes off like a bad imitation of the bard .
boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome .
graças às interações entre seus personagens , o filme torna-se não apenas uma história divertida sobre uma curiosa perseguição , mas também um belo estudo de personagens .
they crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness . and we don't avert our eyes for a moment .
barry sonnenfeld owes frank the pug big time
has the feel of an unedited personal journal .
methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it's so successful at lodging itself in the brain .
an uneven film dealing with too many problems to be taken seriously .
passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly . . .
a cutesy romantic tale with a twist .
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets .
there's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .
i was perplexed to watch it unfold with an astonishing lack of passion or uniqueness .
morvern rocks .
seldahl's barbara is a precise and moving portrait of someone whose world is turned upside down , first by passion and then by illness .
the story and the friendship proceeds in such a way that you're watching a soap opera rather than a chronicle of the ups and downs that accompany lifelong friendships .
an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .
the movie addresses a hungry need for pg-rated , nonthreatening family movies , but it doesn't go too much further .
a triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light .
spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune , short of profound characterizations
light , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time .
never mind whether you buy the stuff about barris being a cia hit man . the kooky yet shadowy vision clooney sustains throughout is daring , inventive and impressive .
dazzling in its complexity , disturbing for its extraordinary themes , the piano teacher is a film that defies categorisation . it haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away . ah yes , and then there's the music . . .
walsh can't quite negotiate the many inconsistencies in janice's behavior or compensate for them by sheer force of charm .
the reason i found myself finally unmoved by this film , which is immaculately produced and has serious things to say , is that it comes across rather too plainly as allegory .
the film is beautifully mounted , but , more to the point , the issues are subtly presented , managing to walk a fine line with regard to the question of joan's madness .
the film's messages of tolerance and diversity aren't particularly original , but one can't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters .
a sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women .
seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian's inane ramblings , stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr . drew barrymore .
broomfield's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient .
bad and baffling from the get-go .
. . . about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season .
what with the incessant lounge music playing in the film's background , you may mistake love liza for an adam sandler chanukah song .
it's hard to believe that a relationship like holly and marina's could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom , and its longevity gets more inexplicable as the characterizations turn more crassly reductive .
a fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery made by a proper , middle-aged woman .
[a] stuporously solemn film .
it celebrates the group's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his 'angels of light . '
a moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places , unexamined lives .
with danilo donati's witty designs and dante spinotti's luscious cinematography , this might have made a decent children's movie -- if only benigni hadn't insisted on casting himself in the title role .
. . . has about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor — but it's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake- of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was earnest .
disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .
i was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon .
this is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
a coming-of-age tale from new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply felt performances across the board .
if disney's cinderella proved that 'a dream is a wish your heart makes , ' then cinderella ii proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio's wallet makes .
only those most addicted to film violence in all its forms will find anything here to appreciate .
this is a film brimming with detail and nuance and one that speaks volumes about the ability of the human spirit to find solace in events that could easily crush it forever .
a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic .
an exquisitely crafted and acted tale .
while the mystery unravels , the characters respond by hitting on each other .
watching the chemistry between freeman and judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing . almost .
it briefly flirts with player masochism , but the point of real interest -– audience sadism -- is evaded completely .
rarely has a film's title served such dire warning .
granddad of le nouvelle vague , jean-luc godard continues to baffle the faithful with his games of hide-and-seek .
bennett's naturalistic performance speaks volumes more truth than any 'reality' show , and anybody contemplating their own drastic life changes should watch some body first .
spy-vs . -spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together .
there aren't many laughs in this interesting study of the cultural mores of georgian jews in tel aviv .
there's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot , and cq shimmers with it .
diverting french comedy in which a husband has to cope with the pesky moods of jealousy .
the exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .
should have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor .
it's like every bad idea that's ever gone into an after-school special compiled in one place , minus those daytime programs' slickness and sophistication ( and who knew they even had any ? ) .
ultimately , it ponders the reasons we need stories so much .
the film is . . . determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation .
'it's painful to watch witherspoon's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama . '
the film has a kind of hard , cold effect .
because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags .
an idealistic love story that brings out the latent 15-year-old romantic in everyone .
it doesn't quite work , but there's enough here to make us look forward to the russos' next offering .
a work of intricate elegance , literary lyricism and profound common sense .
the filmmakers skillfully evoke the sense of menace that nature holds for many urban dwellers .
a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack
no worse a film than breaking out , and breaking out was utterly charming .
a swashbuckling tale of love , betrayal , revenge and above all , faith .
. . . may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence . this scarlet's letter is a . . . as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary .
[nelson's] movie about morally compromised figures leaves viewers feeling compromised , unable to find their way out of the fog and the ashes .
an erotic thriller that's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .
serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination .
this in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come .
a stunning and overwhelmingly cogent case for kissinger as a calculating war criminal .
for those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough .
harvard man is a semi-throwback , a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality .
makes an aborbing if arguable case for the man's greatness .
an earnest racial-issues picture that might have gotten respectful critical praise in a different era -- say , the '60s .
it has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out .
everything you loved about it in 1982 is still there , for everybody who wants to be a kid again , or show it to their own kids .
rosenthal ( halloween ii ) seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense .
despite the predictable parent vs . child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural acting and a look at " the real americans " make this a charmer .
whether or not you're enlightened by any of derrida's lectures on " the other " and " the self , " derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
'barbershop " is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .
as plain and pedestrian as catsup--
( a ) hollywood sheen bedevils the film from the very beginning . . . ( but ) lohman's moist , deeply emotional eyes shine through this bogus veneer . . .
there's no denying the elaborateness of the artist's conceptions , nor his ability to depict them with outrageous elan , but really the whole series is so much pretentious nonsense , lavishly praised by those who equate obscurity with profundity .
this new time machine is hardly perfect… yet it proves surprisingly serviceable . even at its worst , it's not half-bad .
just because it really happened to you , honey , doesn't mean that it's interesting to anyone else .
read my lips is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .
well , it does go on forever .
while the new film is much more eye-catching than its blood-drenched stephen norrington-directed predecessor , the new script by the returning david s . goyer is much sillier .
all-in-all , the film is an enjoyable and frankly told tale of a people who live among us , but not necessarily with us .
this kind of hands-on storytelling is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors .
puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman .
the movie's blatant derivativeness is one reason it's so lackluster .
far-fetched premise , convoluted plot , and thematic mumbo jumbo about destiny and redemptive love .
forget the misleading title , what's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?
minority report is exactly what the title indicates , a report .
a negligible british comedy .
even if you have no interest in the gang-infested , east-vs . -west coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate .
this u-boat doesn't have a captain .
the origin story is well told , and the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books . it's in the action scenes that things fall apart .
the most brilliant and brutal uk crime film since jack carter went back to newcastle , the first half of gangster no . 1 drips with style and , at times , blood .
watching this film , what we feel isn't mainly suspense or excitement . the dominant feeling is something like nostalgia .
leaks treacle from every pore .
if you like blood , guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though . . . you will likely enjoy this monster .
not one moment in the enterprise didn't make me want to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow .
a slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time .
overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper .
for all the time we spend with these people , we never really get inside of them .
how inept is serving sara ? it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly .
. . . blade ii is more enjoyable than the original .
if sinise's character had a brain his ordeal would be over in five minutes but instead the plot goes out of its way to introduce obstacles for him to stumble over .
maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while .
the experience of going to a film festival is a rewarding one ; the experiencing of sampling one through this movie is not .
whether [binoche and magimel] are being charming or angst-ridden , they easily fill their scenes and , fine judges both , never overcook the hysteria .
by the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest cannot be revived .
a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man lost in its midst .
in any case , i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995's forget paris . but even then , i'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes .
even fans of ismail merchant's work , i suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one .
a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera . . .
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control , is intriguing , provocative stuff .
the ya-ya's have many secrets and one is - the books are better . translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya .
the movie itself is far from disappointing , offering an original take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis .
the film does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard .
while the isle is both preposterous and thoroughly misogynistic , its vistas are incredibly beautiful to look at .
a painfully slow cliche-ridden film filled with more holes than clyde barrow's car .
whole stretches of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black .
the film's 45-minute running time stops shy of overkill , though viewers may be more exhausted than the athletes onscreen .
has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies . . .
the screenplay , co-written by director imogen kimmel , lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing .
davis is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as amy .
unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications . vulgar is too optimistic a title .
this is a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable .
imagine a scenario where bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson's far side humor
. . . a boring parade of talking heads and technical gibberish that will do little to advance the linux cause .
why would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ?
dull , lifeless , and amateurishly assembled .
there's none of the happily-ever -after spangle of monsoon wedding in late marriage -- and that's part of what makes dover kosashvili's outstanding feature debut so potent .
the history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling . they just don't work in concert .
it's frustrating to see these guys -- who are obviously pretty clever -- waste their talent on parodies of things they probably thought were funniest when they were high .
the comic performances are all spot on , especially lee ross's turn as ken .
like the film's almost anthropologically detailed realization of early-'80s suburbia , it's significant without being overstated .
the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble .
the wonder of mostly martha is the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing .
with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player , this latest skewering . . . may put off insiders and outsiders alike .
films are made of little moments . changing lanes tries for more . it doesn't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received .
wise and deadpan humorous .
one of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation .
children and adults enamored of all things pokemon won't be disappointed .
human nature , in short , isn't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart .
rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue .
thankfully , the film , which skirts that rapidly deteriorating line between fantasy and reality . . . takes a tongue-in-cheek attitude even as it pushes the croc hunter agenda .
a very well-made , funny and entertaining picture .
liotta put on 30 pounds for the role , and has completely transformed himself from his smooth , goodfellas image .
an unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously .
spielberg's picture is smarter and subtler than [total recall and blade runner] , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences .
the romance between the leads isn't as compelling or as believable as it should be .
me no lika da accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story . scott baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects .
an ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic teen .
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him .
an intelligently made ( and beautifully edited ) picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch .
bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .
eight legged freaks is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer .
for once , a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .
if you're in the right b-movie frame of mind , it may just scare the pants off you .
a fast , funny , highly enjoyable movie .
metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story .
by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
. . . fifty minutes of tedious adolescent melodramatics followed by thirty-five minutes of inflated nonsense .
. . . a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .
has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release .
it tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing
a remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic .
a hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture .
obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque .
a wonderful , ghastly film .
an involving , inspirational drama that sometimes falls prey to its sob-story trappings .
making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .
the enormous comic potential of an oafish idiot impersonating an aristocrat remains sadly unrealized .
add yet another hat to a talented head , clooney's a good director .
a culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny , captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe .
i spied with my little eye . . . a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits
tries to add some spice to its quirky sentiments but the taste is all too familiar .
[a] rare movie that makes us re-assess the basis for our lives and evaluate what is truly ours in a world of meaningless activity .
it's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can .
the character is too forced and overwritten to be funny or believable much of the time , and clayburgh doesn't always improve the over-the-top mix .
y tu mamá también is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than georgia asphalt .
i spy is an embarrassment , a monotonous , disjointed jumble of borrowed plot points and situations . it's as flat as an open can of pop left sitting in the sun .
. . . a story we haven't seen on the big screen before , and it's a story that we as americans , and human beings , should know .
a pretentious mess .
maguire is a surprisingly effective peter/spider-man .
a beguiling , slow-moving parable about the collision of past and present on a remote seacoast in iran .
it's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful .
i'm convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .
an overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort .
whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy , a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us . if horses could fly , this is surely what they'd look like .
a pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie .
there are so few films about the plight of american indians in modern america that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front .
kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera .
a sweet-natured reconsideration of one of san francisco's most vital , if least widely recognized , creative fountainheads .
theology aside , why put someone who ultimately doesn't learn at the center of a kids' story ?
seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as happiness was . . . hence , storytelling is far more appealing .
an earnest , heartrending look at the divide between religious fundamentalists and their gay relatives . it's also heavy-handed and devotes too much time to bigoted views .
marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary .
stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about .
for all its surface frenzy , high crimes should be charged with loitering -- so much on view , so little to offer .
too much of the humor falls flat .
one of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them .
the movie worked for me right up to the final scene , and then it caved in .
the drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin couldn't keep my attention .
with recent tensions rekindled by the kathleen soliah trial and the upcoming trial of sla members emily and william harris , not to mention sept . 11 , its difficult these days to appreciate fire's bright side .
for all its alleged youthful fire , xxx is no less subservient to bond's tired formula of guns , girls and gadgets while brandishing a new action hero .
this is not one of the movies you'd want to watch if you only had a week to live .
a minor work yet there's no denying the potency of miller's strange , fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure .
this is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video --with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes .
anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly .
i'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled , but , for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway , the hours represents two of those well spent .
mama africa pretty much delivers on that promise . it does give you a peek . the main problem being that it's only a peek .
instead of accurately accounting a terrible true story , the film's more determined to become the next texas chainsaw massacre . but what about the countless other people who'd merely like to watch a solid tale about a universally interesting soul ?
one just waits grimly for the next shock without developing much attachment to the characters .
unfortunately , one hour photo lives down to its title . thanks largely to williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film .
on the surface , it's a lovers-on-the-run crime flick , but it has a lot in common with piesiewicz's and kieslowski's earlier work , films like the double life of veronique .
'rare birds' tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience .
it's a long way from orwell's dark , intelligent warning cry [1984] to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium , and what once was conviction is now affectation .
what makes the movie special is its utter sincerity .
top-notch action powers this romantic drama .
polished , well-structured film .
directed by kevin bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut .
the sweetest thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies , may be a mess in a lot of ways . but it does have one saving grace . a lot of its gags and observations reflect a woman's point-of-view .
mariah carey gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls .
an achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses .
it's a refreshing change from the self-interest and paranoia that shape most american representations of castro .
this thing is just garbage .
writer/director david caesar ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza .
director nalin pan doesn't do much to weigh any arguments one way or the other . he simply presents his point of view that ayurveda works . no question .
chilling in its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century america .
i don't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it's a dish that's best served cold .
less than fresh .
imagine susan sontag falling in love with howard stern .
hard to resist .
this remake of lina wertmuller's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and bo derek made the ridiculous bolero .
it recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera .
nearly every attempt at humor here is doa .
. . . plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family .
for the first two-thirds of this sparklingly inventive and artful , always fast and furious tale , kids will go happily along for the ride .
no amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script .
each punch seen through prison bars , the fights become not so much a struggle of man vs . man as brother-man vs . the man .
kinnear gives a tremendous performance .
writer/director walter hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable .
there are times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances , but brown sugar turns out to be a sweet and enjoyable fantasy .
there's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids' movie . . . that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups .
an effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work .
a lame comedy .
an artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike .
what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point .
i have no problem with " difficult " movies , or movies that ask the audience to meet them halfway and connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out . but first , you have to give the audience a reason to <b>want</b> to put for that effort , and " i
this masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short .
at once a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge .
nair doesn't treat the issues lightly . she allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly .
plodding , peevish and gimmicky .
you wouldn't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit .
although i didn't hate this one , it's not very good either . it can be safely recommended as a video/dvd babysitter .
takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze .
miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world , it's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .
barney's ideas about creation and identity don't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour's worth of actual material .
the kind of nervous film that will either give you a mild headache or exhilarate you .
sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney's darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not
it would be hard to think of a recent movie that has worked this hard to achieve this little fun .
a pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort .
sparse but oddly compelling .
despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings .
a gem of a movie .
. . . a fairly disposable yet still entertaining b picture .
this is a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it .
both flawed and delayed , martin scorcese's gangs of new york still emerges as his most vital work since goodfellas .
rain is a small treasure , enveloping the viewer in a literal and spiritual torpor that is anything but cathartic .
feels untidily honest .
a burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at .
liman , of swingers and go , makes his big-budget action film debut something of a clunker as he delivers a long , low-heat chase , interrupted by a middling car chase .
directors john musker and ron clements , the team behind the little mermaid , have produced sparkling retina candy , but they aren't able to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space .
fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .
gaghan . . . has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story .
both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement .
when your leading ladies are a couple of screen-eating dominatrixes like goldie hawn and susan sarandon at their raunchy best , even hokum goes down easily .
for the most part , the ingredients are there . but an unwillingness to explore beyond the surfaces of her characters prevents nettelbeck's film from coming together .
an entertaining , colorful , action-filled crime story with an intimate heart .
those eternally devoted to the insanity of black will have an intermittently good time . feel free to go get popcorn whenever he's not onscreen .
a marvellous journey from childhood idealism to adolescent self-absorption .
an overwrought taiwanese soaper about three people and their mixed-up relationship .
falters when it takes itself too seriously and when it depends too heavily on its otherwise talented cast to clown in situations that aren't funny .
oscar wilde's masterpiece , the importance of being earnest , may be the best play of the 19th century . it's so good that its relentless , polished wit can withstand not only inept school productions , but even oliver parker's movie adaptation .
befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
a horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness .
when you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble .
wishy-washy .
a well-crafted letdown .
boisterous and daft documentary .
opens as promising as any war/adventure film you'll ever see and dissolves into a routine courtroom drama , better suited for a movie titled " glory : a soldier's story . "
what might have been acceptable on the printed page of iles' book does not translate well to the screen .
easier to respect than enthuse over , andersson's rigorous personal vision is not only distanced but distancing .
the movie has no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency , but it displays something more important : respect for its flawed , crazy people .
it has the charm of the original american road movies , feasting on the gorgeous , ramshackle landscape of the filmmaker's motherland .
there is something in full frontal , i guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but like most movie riddles , it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see .
seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it's a sad , sick sight .
overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue
there's plenty to impress about e . t .
credibility sinks into a mire of sentiment .
graham greene's novel of colonialism and empire is elevated by michael caine's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world .
this breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are .
the combination of lightness and strictness in this instance gives italian for beginners an amiable aimlessness that keeps it from seeming predictably formulaic .
tends to pile too many " serious issues " on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written .
. . . the story , like ravel's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .
a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder .
a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism .
a moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide .
laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl's dilemma .
talkiness isn't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark .
a bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids' television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and i'm all for that .
exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo's real strength .
offers absolutely nothing i hadn't already seen .
fans of behan's work and of irish movies in general will be rewarded by borstal boy .
if it's possible for a sequel to outshine the original , then sl2 does just that .
most haunting about " fence " is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen . noyce's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us
skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd .
no one can doubt the filmmakers' motives , but the guys still feels counterproductive .
it's too long , too repetitive , and takes way too many years to resolve to be a total winner .
[f]rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .
every good actor needs to do his or her own hamlet . for benigni it wasn't shakespeare whom he wanted to define his career with but pinocchio . it might as well have been problem child iv .
even when it drags , we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
like so many other allegedly scary movies , it gets so tangled up in the twist that it chokes the energy right out of the very audience it seeks to frighten .
at some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .
squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations , burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare .
watching haneke's film is , aptly enough , a challenge and a punishment . but watching huppert , a great actress tearing into a landmark role , is riveting .
a timely look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices .
call me a cynic , but there's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message .
both a beautifully made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .
cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge .
despite its title , amy's orgasm is not a porno , though it is as tedious as one .
all this turns out to be neither funny nor provocative - only dull .
if this movie leaves you cool , it also leaves you intriguingly contemplative .
never again swings between false sentiment and unfunny madcap comedy and , along the way , expects the audience to invest in the central relationship as some kind of marriage of true minds .
. . . has its moments , but ultimately , its curmudgeon doesn't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites .
a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play .
dog soldiers doesn't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it .
a glossy knock-off of a b-movie revenge flick .
a momentary escape from the summer heat and the sedentary doldrums that set in at this time of year .
meandering and confusing .
does paint some memorable images . . . , but makhmalbaf keeps her distance from the characters
even though it is infused with the sensibility of a video director , it doesn't make for completely empty entertainment
big fat liar is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level .
the modern-day royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals . it's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after .
too many improbabilities and rose-colored situations temper what could've been an impacting film .
this is dicaprio's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year .
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances .
cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera .
the character of zigzag is not sufficiently developed to support a film constructed around him .
never comes together as a coherent whole .
while general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music , they'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .
no sophomore slump for director sam mendes , who segues from oscar winner to oscar-winning potential with a smooth sleight of hand .
human nature initially succeeds by allowing itself to go crazy , but ultimately fails by spinning out of control .
one of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ever made .
exquisitely nuanced in mood tics and dialogue , this chamber drama is superbly acted by the deeply appealing veteran bouquet and the chilling but quite human berling .
while the material is slight , the movie is better than you might think .
a confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design .
an action/thriller of the finest kind , evoking memories of day of the jackal , the french connection , and heat .
the movie does a good job of laying out some of the major issues that we encounter as we journey through life .
can i admit xxx is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure ?
alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous . it's a masterpeice .
[i]t's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but barbershop isn't as funny as it should be .
a pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole .
i'd have to say the star and director are the big problems here .
in comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title . . . amounts to surprisingly little .
mark wahlberg . . . may look classy in a '60s-homage pokepie hat , but as a character he's dry , dry , dry .
the only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game . you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored .
. . . an inviting piece of film .
it would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde's classic satire .
as surreal as a dream and as detailed as a photograph , as visually dexterous as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming .
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it .
viewed as a comedy , a romance , a fairy tale , or a drama , there's nothing remotely triumphant about this motion picture .
a solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration .
travels a fascinating arc from hope and euphoria to reality and disillusionment .
exceptionally well acted by diane lane and richard gere .
i've had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .
topkapi this is not .
. . . a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman .
not a stereotype is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid .
the film is directed by wally wolodarsky from a script by joe jarvis and greg coolidge . these are names to remember , in order to avoid them in the future .
mr . clooney , mr . kaufman and all their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster .
plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision .
far more imaginative and ambitious than the trivial , cash-in features nickelodeon has made from its other animated tv series .
sandra nettelbeck beautifully orchestrates the transformation of the chilly , neurotic , and self-absorbed martha as her heart begins to open .
watching spirited away is like watching an eastern imagination explode .
eight legged freaks falls flat as a spoof .
[ramsay] visually transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor .
the filmmakers know how to please the eye , but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story .
beautifully crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .
triple x is a double agent , and he's one bad dude . when you've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .
illuminating if overly talky documentary .
even though many of these guys are less than adorable ( their lamentations are pretty much self-centered ) , there's something vital about the movie .
the storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema .
[a] smarter and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks .
a movie that at its best doesn't just make the most out of its characters' flaws but insists on the virtue of imperfection .
the filmmakers try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching .
a meatier deeper beginning and/or ending would have easily tipped this film into the " a " range , as is , it's a very very strong " b+ . " i love the robust middle of this picture .
with a cast that includes some of the top actors working in independent film , lovely & amazing involves us because it is so incisive , so bleakly amusing about how we go about our lives .
the château would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera . not to mention a sharper , cleaner camera lens .
though a bit of a patchwork in script and production , a glossy , rich green , environment almost makes the picture work .
who , exactly , is fighting whom here ? ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .
some decent actors inflict big damage upon their reputations .
a winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others .
the plot is paper-thin and the characters aren't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours .
does little to elaborate the conceit of setting this blood-soaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of richard nixon .
the very definition of what critics have come to term an " ambitious failure . "
director-writer bille august . . . depicts this relationship with economical grace , letting his superb actors convey martin's deterioration and barbara's sadness -- and , occasionally , anger .
one of those pictures whose promising , if rather precious , premise is undercut by amateurish execution .
it's too self-important and plodding to be funny , and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic .
efficient , suitably anonymous chiller .
while scorsese's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that " gangs " is never lethargic , the movie is hindered by a central plot that's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
it takes talent to make a lifeless movie about the most heinous man who ever lived .
[macdowell] ventures beyond her abilities several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is .
the movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it .
the scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film's characters .
the problem with this film is that it lacks focus . i sympathize with the plight of these families , but the movie doesn't do a very good job conveying the issue at hand .
the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and italy beckons us all .
uncertain in tone . . . a garbled exercise in sexual politics , a junior varsity short cuts by way of very bad things .
its scenes and sensibility are all more than familiar , but it exudes a kind of nostalgic spy-movie charm and , at the same time , is so fresh and free of the usual thriller nonsense that it all seems to be happening for the first time .
leigh makes these lives count . and he allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range .
leave it to john sayles to take on developers , the chamber of commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie . . . without neglecting character development for even one minute .
weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title .
this seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done . it's a scorcher .
an ambitious and moving but bleak film .
. . . strips bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults .
is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic ?
the entire movie has a truncated feeling , but what's available is lovely and lovable .
the best that can be said about the work here of scottish director ritchie . . . is that he obviously doesn't have his heart in it .
a movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling .
instead of making his own style , director marcus adams just copies from various sources – good sources , bad mixture
a movie that harps on media-constructed 'issues' like whether compromise is the death of self… this orgasm [won't be an] exceedingly memorable one for most people .
creepy but ultimately unsatisfying thriller .
bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie .
[a] poorly executed comedy .
doesn't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films .
two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity .
the band performances featured in drumline are red hot . . . [but] from a mere story point of view , the film's ice cold .
there's not much to fatale , outside of its stylish surprises . . . but that's ok .
a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters .
a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being .
a delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity , mostly martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .
if anything , see it for karen black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named dirty dick .
an already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus . if only there were one for this kind of movie .
ice age posits a heretofore unfathomable question : is it possible for computer-generated characters to go through the motions ?
a disappointment for those who love alternate versions of the bard , particularly ones that involve deep fryers and hamburgers .
peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments .
a droll , well-acted , character-driven comedy with unexpected deposits of feeling .
a stunning piece of visual poetry that will , hopefully , be remembered as one of the most important stories to be told in australia's film history .
i couldn't recommend this film more .
a long-winded and stagy session of romantic contrivances that never really gels like the shrewd feminist fairy tale it could have been .
auto focus is not your standard hollywood bio-pic . schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness .
an occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten .
the movie sticks much closer to hornby's drop-dead confessional tone than the film version of high fidelity did .
only in its final surprising shots does rabbit-proof fence find the authority it's looking for .
the heightened symmetry of this new/old cinema paradiso makes the film a fuller experience , like an old friend haunted by the exigencies of time .
is this love or is it masochism ? binoche makes it interesting trying to find out .
cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude . it makes sense that he went back to school to check out the girls -- his film is a frat boy's idea of a good time .
the son's room is a triumph of gentility that earns its moments of pathos .
captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics .
it's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes . . . finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .
what a pity . . . that the material is so second-rate .
you come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated .
a slick , engrossing melodrama .
an intelligent , earnest , intimate film that drops the ball only when it pauses for blunt exposition to make sure you're getting its metaphysical point .
" home movie " is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .
'film aficionados cannot help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director's cut . '
manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting .
the fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier .
it's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter .
in scope , ambition and accomplishment , children of the century . . . takes kurys' career to a whole new level .
an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mind
a summary of the plot doesn't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .
pray's film works well and will appeal even to those who aren't too familiar with turntablism .
the mothman prophecies is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey .
this is such a dazzlingly self-assured directorial debut that it's hard to know what to praise first .
it has the right approach and the right opening premise , but it lacks the zest and it goes for a plot twist instead of trusting the material .
coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock .
the characters . . . are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .
. . . wise and elegiac . . .
a big-budget/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as the hours is a distinct rarity , and an event .
it's hampered by a lifetime-channel kind of plot and a lead actress who is out of her depth .
this film looks like it was produced in 1954 , shelved for 48 years , and repackaged for a 2002 audience .
at the one-hour mark , herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .
who needs love like this ?
farrell . . . thankfully manages to outshine the role and successfully plays the foil to willis's world-weary colonel .
scotland , pa is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept .
a film about a young man finding god that is accessible and touching to the marrow .
the film hinges on its performances , and both leads are up to the task .
a movie with a real anarchic flair .
if deuces wild had been tweaked up a notch it would have become a camp adventure , one of those movies that's so bad it starts to become good . but it wasn't .
[a] wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting .
watching this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time , you barely realize your mind is being blown .
director jay russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning .
director alfonso cuaron gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films .
a bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for universal studios and its ancillary products .
authentic , and at times endearing , humorous , spooky , educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow .
the film , like jimmy's routines , could use a few good laughs .
the symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees . i wanted more .
this is as powerful a set of evidence as you'll ever find of why art matters , and how it can resonate far beyond museum walls and through to the most painfully marginal lives .
not only is undercover brother as funny , if not more so , than both austin powers films , but it's also one of the smarter , savvier spoofs to come along in some time .
the niftiest trick perpetrated by the importance of being earnest is the alchemical transmogrification of wilde into austen--and a hollywood-ized austen at that .
. . . no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch .
one of the more glaring signs of this movie's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms . spears .
a well-made thriller with a certain level of intelligence and non-reactionary morality .
occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .
the 3-d vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry .
there aren't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs . the big guys .
the way home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and . . . often misconstrued as weakness .
would've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film's predictable denouement . then nadia's birthday might not have been such a bad day after all .
birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters .
bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted- from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .
feral and uncomfortable .
it's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one .
director ferzan ozpetek creates an interesting dynamic with the members of this group , who live in the same apartment building . but he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person .
suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness .
chao was chen kaige's assistant for years in china . he has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about .
it's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .
the only thing worse than your substandard , run-of-the-mill hollywood picture is an angst-ridden attempt to be profound .
a frustrating combination of strained humor and heavy-handed sentimentality .
with a completely predictable plot , you'll swear that you've seen it all before , even if you've never come within a mile of the longest yard .
better than the tepid star trek : insurrection ; falls short of first contact because the villain couldn't pick the lint off borg queen alice krige's cape ; and finishes half a parsec ( a nose ) ahead of generations .
a grim , flat and boring werewolf movie that refuses to develop an energy level .
if steven soderbergh's 'solaris' is a failure it is a glorious failure .
the film's maudlin focus on the young woman's infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking .
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
to enjoy this movie's sharp dialogue and delightful performance by jolie and burns , you have to gloss over the no sense ending .
on a cutting room floor somewhere lies . . . footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .
despite the surface attractions -- conrad l . hall's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year -- there's something impressive and yet lacking about everything .
the movie isn't always easy to look at . but if it is indeed a duty of art to reflect life , than leigh has created a masterful piece of artistry right here .
ultimately , in the history of the academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about " chicago " in 2002 . zellweger's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
the otherwise good-naturedness of mr . deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less- than-likely new york celebrities . . . certainly raises the film above anything sandler's been attached to before .
just like hearst's enormous yacht , it's slow and unwieldy and takes a long time to reach its destination .
romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong . they cheapen the overall effect .
the genius of the work speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates .
my wife is an actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy . in the end , though , it is only mildly amusing when it could have been so much more .
writer/director john mckay ignites some charming chemistry between kate and jed but , when he veers into sodden melodrama , punctuated by violins , it's disastrous and kate's jealous female friends become downright despicable .
the plot is very clever , but boyd weighs it down with too many characters and events , all intertwined and far too complicated to keep track of .
the movie just has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time .
noyce has worked wonders with the material .
samira makhmalbaf's new film blackboards is much like the ethos of a stream of consciousness , although , it's unfortunate for the viewer that the thoughts and reflections coming through are torpid and banal
as saccharine as it is disposable .
the film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class .
elicits more groans from the audience than jar jar binks , scrappy doo and scooby dumb , all wrapped up into one .
. . . routine , harmless diversion and little else .
fear dot com is so rambling and disconnected it never builds any suspense .
this film puts wang at the forefront of china's sixth generation of film makers .
enjoyably fast-moving , hard-hitting documentary .
there's plenty of style in guillermo del toro's sequel to the 1998 hit but why do we need 117 minutes to tell a tale that simply can't sustain more than 90 minutes .
despite a quieter middle section , involving aragorn's dreams of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship . there are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .
phoned-in business as usual .
the premise for this kegger comedy probably sounded brilliant four six-packs and a pitcher of margaritas in , but the film must have been written . . . in the thrall of a vicious hangover .
belongs in the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category , and this is why i have given it a one-star rating .
a feel-good picture in the best sense of the term .
predecessors the mummy and the mummy returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king .
campanella's competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael's evolution .
predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell .
blue crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling .
barely goes beyond comic book status .
drops you into a dizzying , volatile , pressure-cooker of a situation that quickly snowballs out of control , while focusing on the what much more than the why .
a well-acted movie that simply doesn't gel .
distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register .
a very funny movie .
once the downward spiral comes to pass , auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera . . .
serving sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time .
the large-frame imax camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers .
vereté has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs .
it's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .
renner ? s face is chillingly unemotive , yet he communicates a great deal in his performance . see it for his performance if nothing else .
the movie's eventual success should be credited to dennis quaid , in fighting trim shape as an athlete as well as an actor
human nature is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was , but it tries too hard .
what is captured during the conceptual process doesn't add up to a sufficient explanation of what the final dance work , the selection , became in its final form .
this story still seems timely and important . and there's an element of heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after greene's story ends .
unwieldy contraption .
shadyac shoots his film like an m . night shyamalan movie , and he frequently maintains the same snail's pace ; he just forgot to add any genuine tension .
if there's no art here , it's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days .
red dragon " never cuts corners .
less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is .
an exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama .
for all its failed connections , divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood is nurturing , in a gauzy , dithering way .
a thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt coming-of-age comedy .
bullock does a good job here of working against her natural likability .
feels less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series .
it's not the worst comedy of the year , but it certainly won't win any honors .
forced , familiar and thoroughly condescending .
it seems like i have been waiting my whole life for this movie and now i can't wait for the sequel .
plods along , minus the twisted humor and eye-popping visuals that have made miike . . . a cult hero .
an empty , ugly exercise in druggy trance-noir and trumped-up street credibility .
ferrara directs the entire film with the kind of detachment that makes any given frame look like a family's custom-made christmas card .
[stevens is] so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .
see scratch for the history , see scratch for the music , see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .
it doesn't quite deserve the gong , but there are more fascinating acts than " confessions of a dangerous mind . "
just because a walk to remember is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts doesn't mean it's good enough for our girls .
gently humorous and touching .
hawke's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , doesn't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes .
it's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah .
the film's only missteps come from the script's insistence on providing deep emotional motivation for each and every one of abagnale's antics .
howard conjures the past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought you'd swear he just stepped out of a buñuel retrospective .
with a tone as variable as the cinematography , schaeffer's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters' quirks and foibles never jell into charm .
these three films form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people .
overall very good for what it's trying to do .
a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special .
you're better off staying home and watching the x-files .
[allen] manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise .
ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you're up for that sort of thing .
" the ring " is pretty much an english-language copy of the film that inspired it , and it carries the same strengths and flaws .
an unpredictable blend of gal-pal smart talk , romantic comedy and dark tragedy that bites off considerably more than writer/director john mckay can swallow .
p . t . anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible .
huppert gives erika a persona that is so intriguing that you find yourself staring hypnotically at her , trying to understand her and wondering if she'll crack .
. . . while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare's macbeth doesn't sustain a high enough level of invention .
the diversity of the artists represented , both in terms of style and ethnicity , prevents the proceedings from feeling repetitious , as does the appropriately brief 40-minute running time .
even if you don't understand what on earth is going on , this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .
needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance .
a boring masquerade ball where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad .
despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , the man who wrote rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .
the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we don't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament .
just another fish-out-of-water story that barely stays afloat .
missteps take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane .
exciting documentary .
the actors are appealing , but elysian fields is idiotic and absurdly sentimental .
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored . . . audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter .
offers a breath of the fresh air of true sophistication .
although . . . visually striking and slickly staged , it's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .
reign of fire looks as if it was made without much thought -- and is best watched that way .
this film , starring anthony hopkins and chris rock , is your typical 'fish out of water' story . you've seen them a million times . just one problem : fish out of water usually die . this one does .
hayek is stunning as frida and . . . a star-making project .
journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull .
a plodding teen remake that's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists .
a hideous , confusing spectacle , one that may well put the nail in the coffin of any future rice adaptations .
not for the prurient or squeamish , it's a daring if overlong examination of an idolized culture , self-loathing and sexual politics .
. . . what a banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be
just one more collection of penis , breast and flatulence gags in search of a story . or a profit . or some damn thing .
it's one of those baseball pictures where the hero is stoic , the wife is patient , the kids are as cute as all get-out and the odds against success are long enough to intimidate , but short enough to make a dream seem possible .
in a normal screen process , these bromides would be barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on the discovery channel . but in imax 3-d , the clichés disappear into the vertiginous perspectives opened up by the photography .
when a movie asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger's sex life , it already has one strike against it .
starts off with a bang , but then fizzles like a wet stick of dynamite at the very end . it's still worth a look .
for most of its footage , the new thriller proves that director m . night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
anthony hopkins ? big deal ! we've already seen the prequel to the silence of the lambs and hannibal -- and it was better the first time .
this is cool , slick stuff , ready to quench the thirst of an audience that misses the summer blockbusters .
a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot .
parents beware ; this is downright movie penance .
a serviceable euro-trash action extravaganza , with a decent sense of humor and plenty of things that go boom — handguns , bmws and seaside chateaus .
[w]hile long on amiable monkeys and worthy environmentalism , jane goodall's wild chimpanzees is short on the thrills the oversize medium demands .
the most anti-human big studio picture since 3000 miles to graceland .
twohy's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels .
jose campanella delivers a loosely autobiographical story brushed with sentimentality but brimming with gentle humor , bittersweet pathos , and lyric moments that linger like snapshots of memory .
like showgirls and glitter , the most entertaining moments here are unintentional .
a much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian english title would have you believe .
apart from dazzling cinematography , we've seen just about everything in blue crush in one form or the other .
hey everybody , wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children's party clown gets violently gang-raped ? i didn't think so .
when a film is created solely because it's a marketable product , soulless and ugly movies like this are the result . let your silly childhood nostalgia slumber unmolested .
national lampoon's van wilder may aim to be the next animal house , but it more closely resembles this year's version of tomcats .
the actors are forced to grapple with hazy motivations that never come into focus .
a fanciful drama about napoleon's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility .
if you're not the target demographic . . . this movie is one long chick-flick slog .
a smart , sweet and playful romantic comedy .
what's infuriating about full frontal is that it's too close to real life to make sense . what's invigorating about it is that it doesn't give a damn .
it's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones's diary .
the film is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy .
some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity .
offensive in the way it exploits the hot-button issue of domestic abuse for cheap thrills and disgusting in the manner it repeatedly puts a small child in jeopardy , treating her as little more than a prop to be cruelly tormented .
a clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics .
after all the big build-up , the payoff for the audience , as well as the characters , is messy , murky , unsatisfying .
do we really need a 77-minute film to tell us exactly why a romantic relationship between a 15-year-old boy and a 40-year-old woman doesn't work ?
what saves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is corcuera's attention to detail .
after sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special , it makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .
with the prospect of films like kangaroo jack about to burst across america's winter movie screens it's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative .
you may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .
you might not want to hang out with samantha , but you'll probably see a bit of yourself in her unfinished story .
clever , brutal and strangely soulful movie .
if all of eight legged freaks was as entertaining as the final hour , i would have no problem giving it an unqualified recommendation .
remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity , it's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .
marshall puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula .
a different kind of love story - one that is dark , disturbing , painful to watch , yet compelling .
labute was more fun when his characters were torturing each other psychologically and talking about their genitals in public .
. . . spiced with humor ( 'i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand ) and witty updatings ( silver's parrot has been replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around )
all prints of this film should be sent to and buried on pluto .
clockstoppers is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that doesn't know what it wants to be when it grows up .
confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk .
a feeble tootsie knockoff .
the pitch must have read like a discarded house beautiful spread .
audiard successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .
like vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you can't fake .
mostly , shafer and co-writer gregory hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .
a story about intelligent high school students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously . it is also beautifully acted .
in many ways , reminiscent of 1992's unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue .
berling and béart . . . continue to impress , and isabelle huppert . . . again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters .
the irwins' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts .
works because , for the most part , it avoids the stupid cliches and formulaic potholes that befall its brethren .
tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house but instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel .
if you've got a house full of tots -- don't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .
call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid .
it shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there's a little girl-on-girl action .
unlike the speedy wham-bam effect of most hollywood offerings , character development -- and more importantly , character empathy -- is at the heart of italian for beginners .
exhilarating but blatantly biased .
this film is not a love letter for the slain rappers , it's a taunt -a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered .
certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , eight crazy nights is a total misfire .
a sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies .
[p]artnering murphy with robert de niro for the tv-cops comedy showtime would seem to be surefire casting . the catch is that they're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .
a little too pat for its own good .
a tv episode inflated past its natural length .
the komediant is a tale worth catching .
a romantic comedy , yes , but one with characters who think and talk about their goals , and are working on hard decisions .
the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul's perspective .
with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , [crane] becomes more specimen than character -- and auto focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report .
i would be shocked if there was actually one correct interpretation , but that shouldn't make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable .
this is one of the most visually stunning and thematically moving epics in recent memory , and in spite of numerous minor flaws , scorsese's best in more than a decade .
a fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system
a gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups .
rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic .
the obnoxious title character provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc .
on its own , big trouble could be considered a funny little film .
pompous and garbled .
bland but harmless .
audrey tatou has a knack for picking roles that magnify her outrageous charm , and in this literate french comedy , she's as morning-glory exuberant as she was in amélie .
andersson creates a world that's at once surreal and disturbingly familiar ; absurd , yet tremendously sad .
late marriage's stiffness is unlikely to demonstrate the emotional clout to sweep u . s . viewers off their feet .
the film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years .
there is nothing redeeming about this movie .
the far future may be awesome to consider , but from period detail to matters of the heart , this film is most transporting when it stays put in the past .
a map of the inner rhythms of love and jealousy and sacrifice drawn with a master's steady stroke .
there's a lot of tooth in roger dodger . but what's nice is that there's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .
as his circle of friends keeps getting smaller one of the characters in long time dead says 'i'm telling you , this is f * * * ed' . maybe he was reading the minds of the audience .
it's deep-sixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in there's something about mary and devise a parallel clone-gag .
when the painted backdrops in a movie are more alive than its characters , you know you're in trouble .
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story .
however sincere it may be , the rising place never quite justifies its own existence .
begins as a promising meditation on one of america's most durable obsessions but winds up as a slender cinematic stunt .
although the level of the comedy declines as the movie proceeds , there's no denying the fun of watching de niro and crystal having fun .
a savage john waters-like humor that dances on the edge of tastelessness without ever quite falling over .
bring on the sequel .
smith examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country .
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton's ever-watchful gaze -- and it's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one .
if your taste runs to 'difficult' films you absolutely can't miss it .
curling may be a unique sport but men with brooms is distinctly ordinary .
serving sara should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it .
herzog is obviously looking for a moral to his fable , but the notion that a strong , unified showing among germany and eastern european jews might have changed 20th-century history is undermined by ahola's inadequate performance .
a strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being .
it's all very cute , though not terribly funny if you're more than six years old .
what's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director's talent . watching a brian depalma movie is like watching an alfred hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers .
my goodness , queen latifah has a lot to offer and she seemed to have no problem flaunting her natural gifts . she must have a very strong back .
even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , i could feel my eyelids . . . getting . . . very . . . heavy . . .
what makes this film special is serry's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context .
a trite psychological thriller designed to keep the audience guessing and guessing -- which is not to be confused with suspecting -- until it comes time to wrap things up and send the viewers home .
in all , this is a watchable movie that's not quite the memorable experience it might have been .
one problem with the movie , directed by joel schumacher , is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time .
if you're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , i have just one word for you -– decasia
a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys .
the values that have held the enterprise crew together through previous adventures and perils do so again-courage , self-sacrifice and patience under pressure .
return to never land is much more p . c . than the original version ( no more racist portraits of indians , for instance ) , but the excitement is missing .
there's so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .
pretty good little movie .
this fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air .
real women have curves doesn't offer any easy answers .
those 24-and-unders looking for their own caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking .
as it stands it's an opera movie for the buffs .
summer's far too fleeting to squander on offal like this .
while centered on the life experiences of a particular theatrical family , this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel .
tsai ming-liang's ghosts are painfully aware of their not-being .
demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces .
like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie doesn't offer much more than the series , but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome .
red dragon is less baroque and showy than hannibal , and less emotionally affecting than silence . but , like silence , it's a movie that gets under your skin .
it's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids .
. . . bibbidy-bobbidi-bland .
filled with alexandre desplat's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience .
there is nothing outstanding about this film , but it is good enough and will likely be appreciated most by sailors and folks who know their way around a submarine .
becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters .
another trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin' .
it won't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , finch's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee .
a winning and wildly fascinating work .
occasionally amateurishly made but a winsome cast and nice dialogue keeps it going .
it's a beautifully accomplished lyrical meditation on a bunch of despondent and vulnerable characters living in the renown chelsea hotel . . .
it's the kind of pigeonhole-resisting romp that hollywood too rarely provides .
a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look .
it's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan's unique directing style .
the fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that broomfield's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer .
jaw-droppingly superficial , straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter's glory days on three's company .
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney . . . take your pick . all three descriptions suit evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new .
eastwood winces , clutches his chest and gasps for breath . it's a spectacular performance - ahem , we hope it's only acting .
it's fun , but a psychological mess , with austin powers bumping his head on the way out of the closet .
for its 100 minutes running time , you'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .
although shot with little style , skins is heartfelt and achingly real .
not the kind of film that will appeal to a mainstream american audience , but there is a certain charm about the film that makes it a suitable entry into the fest circuit .
piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling .
bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness .
an unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas .
a simmering psychological drama in which the bursts of sudden violence are all the more startling for the slow buildup that has preceded them .
bloody sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made . it's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing can't possibly be enough .
moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought . better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .
it may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but i enjoyed barbershop . it's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .
nicely combines the enigmatic features of 'memento' with the hallucinatory drug culture of 'requiem for a dream . '
it's immensely ambitious , different than anything that's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it's trying to do .
the most hopelessly monotonous film of the year , noteworthy only for the gimmick of being filmed as a single unbroken 87-minute take .
some may choose to interpret the film's end as hopeful or optimistic but i think payne is after something darker .
although commentary on nachtwey is provided . . . it's the image that really tells the tale .
sweet home alabama certainly won't be remembered as one of [witherspoon's] better films .
with each of her three protagonists , miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path .
it remains to be seen whether statham can move beyond the crime-land action genre , but then again , who says he has to ?
nakata's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects .
the mystery of enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent . . . could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture .
a sports movie with action that's exciting on the field and a story you care about off it .
mike white's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make " " the good girl " a film worth watching .
the film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence .
fairly run-of-the-mill .
this flick is about as cool and crowd-pleasing as a documentary can get .
you'll be left with the sensation of having just witnessed a great performance and , perhaps , give in to the urge to get on your feet and shake it .
evelyn's strong cast and surehanded direction make for a winning , heartwarming yarn .
comes across as a fairly weak retooling .
while the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times , it's awfully entertaining to watch .
a few energetic stunt sequences briefly enliven the film , but the wheezing terrorist subplot hasn't the stamina for the 100-minute running time , and the protagonists' bohemian boorishness mars the spirit of good clean fun .
the byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , carmen ( vega ) and juni ( sabara ) cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take .
this movie . . . doesn't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .
the premise itself is just sooooo tired . pair that with really poor comedic writing . . . and you've got a huge mess .
it might be tempting to regard mr . andrew and his collaborators as oddballs , but mr . earnhart's quizzical , charming movie allows us to see them , finally , as artists .
nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of elizabeth hurley's breasts -- is authentic .
an intelligent fiction about learning through cultural clash .
the amazing film work is so convincing that by movies' end you'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .
corny , schmaltzy and predictable , but still manages to be kind of heartwarming , nonetheless . it's the perfect kind of film to see when you don't want to use your brain . at all .
it understands , in a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking .
her film is like a beautiful food entrée that isn't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless .
despite the long running time , the pace never feels slack -- there's no scene that screams " bathroom break ! "
it's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller .
( wendigo is ) why we go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind .
just consider what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay .
like dickens with his passages , mcgrath crafts quite moving scenes throughout his resolutely dramatic variation on the novel .
features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .
a film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships .
though moonlight mile is replete with acclaimed actors and actresses and tackles a subject that's potentially moving , the movie is too predictable and too self-conscious to reach a level of high drama .
eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation .
the only upside to all of this unpleasantness is , given its labor day weekend upload , feardotcom should log a minimal number of hits .
" the emperor's new clothes " begins with a simple plan . . . . well , at least that's the plan .
the film belongs to the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
its maker , steven spielberg , hasn't had so much fun in two decades , since he was schlepping indiana jones around the globe in search of a giant misplaced ashtray .
there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series , but i wouldn't be interested in knowing any of them personally .
the cartoon that isn't really good enough to be on afternoon tv is now a movie that isn't really good enough to be in theaters .
there's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .
it's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth .
this is pure , exciting moviemaking . you won't exactly know what's happening but you'll be blissfully exhausted .
harry potter and the chamber of secrets is deja vu all over again , and while that is a cliche , nothing could be more appropriate . it's likely that whatever you thought of the first production -- pro or con -- you'll likely think of this one .
[the kid's] just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow .
with virtually no interesting elements for an audience to focus on , chelsea walls is a triple-espresso endurance challenge .
light , cute and forgettable .
combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why didn't hollywood think of this sooner ?
this familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , though it's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times .
who are 'they' ? well , they're 'they' . they're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid . they exist for hushed lines like " they're back ! " , " they're out there ! " and " they're coming ! "
with we were soldiers , hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in .
slap her - she's not funny ! no french people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half .
between them , de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .
often hilarious , well-shot and , importantly , entertaining , hell house is a fascinating document of an event that has to be seen to be believed .
all the well-meaningness in the world can't erase the fact that the believer feels like a 12-step program for the jewish nazi .
the film is quiet , threatening and unforgettable .
the plot is so amusingly contrived and outlandish in its coincidences that no one could ever mistake it for anything resembling reality
a cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty .
the balkans provide the obstacle course for the love of a good woman .
kirshner and monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other . ( kirshner wins , but it's close . )
the latest installment in the pokemon canon , pokemon 4ever is surprising less moldy and trite than the last two , likely because much of the japanese anime is set in a scenic forest where pokemon graze in peace .
thriller directorial debut for traffic scribe gaghan has all the right parts , but the pieces don't quite fit together .
a wry , affectionate delight .
that jack nicholson makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend .
bielinsky is a filmmaker of impressive talent .
a well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone .
its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart .
. . . one of the most ingenious and entertaining thrillers i've seen in quite a long time .
at times , it actually hurts to watch .
we are left with a superficial snapshot that , however engaging , is insufficiently enlightening and inviting .
a compelling , moving film that respects its audience and its source material .
ruzowitzky has taken this mothball-y stuff and made a rather sturdy , old-fashioned entertainment out of it .
very amusing , not the usual route in a thriller , and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both .
the saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence , and the quiet american brings us right into the center of that world .
a bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling can open the door to liberation .
going to this movie is a little like chewing whale blubber - it's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy , but it's worth it , even if it does take 3 hours to get through .
succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture .
although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants , dogtown and z-boys has a compelling story to tell .
there is a fabric of complex ideas here , and feelings that profoundly deepen them .
as if trying to grab a lump of play-doh , the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers .
a bowel-curdling , heart-stopping recipe for terror .
. . . works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once .
this romantic thriller is steeped in the atmosphere of wartime england , and ably captures the speech patterns , moral codes and ideals of the 1940s .
it turns out to be a cut above the norm , thanks to some clever writing and sprightly acting .
demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking .
. . . a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off .
this action-thriller/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage .
notorious c . h . o . has oodles of vulgar highlights .
the code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute .
" an entire film about researchers quietly reading dusty old letters . "
a shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable .
shamelessly sappy and , worse , runs away from its own provocative theme .
this long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted .
the good thing -- the only good thing -- about extreme ops is that it's so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my thanksgiving to-do list .
despite its many infuriating flaws -- not the least of which is amy's self-absorbed personality -- amy's o's honesty will win you over .
you just know something terrible is going to happen . but when it does , you're entirely unprepared .
the film's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled . but … in trying to capture the novel's deeper intimate resonances , the film has – ironically - distanced us from the characters .
as conceived by mr . schaeffer , christopher and grace are little more than collections of quirky traits lifted from a screenwriter's outline and thrown at actors charged with the impossible task of making them jell .
christina ricci comedy about sympathy , hypocrisy and love is a misfire .
eh .
cold , sterile and lacking any color or warmth .
[plays] in broad outline as pandering middle-age buddy-comedy .
it's exactly what you'd expect .
clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
. . . for all its social and political potential , state property doesn't end up being very inspiring or insightful .
it's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance .
everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentimentalized .
the fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad .
for a film that celebrates radical , nonconformist values , what to do in case of fire ? lazily and glumly settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking .
i approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise .
all ends well , sort of , but the frenzied comic moments never click .
consistently clever and suspenseful .
despite some comic sparks , welcome to collinwood never catches fire .
a dream cast of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble . there isn't a weak or careless performance amongst them .
its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work .
as comedic spotlights go , notorious c . h . o . hits all the verbal marks it should .
yes , 4ever is harmless in the extreme and it'll mute your kids for nearly 80 minutes , but why not just treat the little yard apes to the real deal and take them to spirited away ?
. . . tunney is allowed to build an uncommonly human character , an almost real-live girl complete with trouble and hope .
at just over an hour , home movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .
a synthesis of cliches and absurdities that seems positively decadent in its cinematic flash and emptiness .
a cockeyed shot all the way .
a lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family .
the humor is forced and heavy-handed , and occasionally simply unpleasant .
a listless sci-fi comedy in which eddie murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect .
the cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing .
an awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating .
nicole holofcener's lovely and amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style .
the worst kind of independent ; the one where actors play dress down hicks and ponderously mope around trying to strike lightning as captured by their 1970s predecessors
there are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels .
the fact that the 'best part' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of demme's good films doesn't bode well for the rest of it .
ya-yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film .
francophiles will snicker knowingly and you'll want to slap them .
some body often looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments .
shadyac , who belongs with the damned for perpetrating patch adams , trots out every ghost trick from the sixth sense to the mothman prophecies .
" abandon " will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
the plot is straight off the shelf , the performances are television- caliber and the message of providing solace through deception is a little creepy .
the first half bursts with a goofy energy previous disney films only used for a few minutes here and there .
two big things are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all .
dolgin and franco fashion a fascinating portrait of a vietnamese-born youngster who eagerly and easily assimilated as an all-american girl with a brand new name in southern tennessee .
care deftly captures the wonder and menace of growing up , but he never really embraces the joy of fuhrman's destructive escapism or the grace-in-rebellion found by his characters .
on its own staggeringly unoriginal terms , this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny .
an even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor .
features what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer's block ever .
build some robots , haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show , and put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year .
despite its good nature and some genuinely funny moments , super troopers suffers from a bad case of arrested development .
maryam is more timely now than ever .
plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas' wounded and wounding uncle ralph . it's a great performance and a reminder of dickens' grandeur .
return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but it's not half-bad .
jacquot's strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances . . . while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .
a delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie .
falsehoods pile up , undermining the movie's reality and stifling its creator's comic voice .
there's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies .
a thought-provoking look at how western foreign policy - however well intentioned - can wreak havoc in other cultures .
it's a cool event for the whole family . maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .
the only surprise is that heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this ; i assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies' underwear .
anyway , for one reason or another , crush turns into a dire drama partway through . after that , it just gets stupid and maudlin . too bad , but thanks to some lovely comedic moments and several fine performances , it's not a total loss .
imagine a really bad community theater production of west side story without the songs .
a poorly scripted , preachy fable that forgets about unfolding a coherent , believable story in its zeal to spread propaganda .
[the film's] taste for " shock humor " will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of tom green and the farrelly brothers .
sometimes seems less like storytelling than something the otherwise compelling director needed to get off his chest .
don't even bother to rent this on video .
my oh my , is this an invigorating , electric movie .
the two leads are almost good enough to camouflage the dopey plot , but so much naturalistic small talk , delivered in almost muffled exchanges , eventually has a lulling effect .
flavorful and romantic , you could call this how martha got her groove back -- assuming , that is , she ever had one to begin with .
though everything might be literate and smart , it never took off and always seemed static .
a loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy .
a bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort .
most impressive , though , is the film's open-ended finale that refuses to entirely close its characters' emotional wounds .
once she lets her love depraved leads meet , [denis'] story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
desperately unfunny when it tries to makes us laugh and desperately unsuspenseful when it tries to make us jump out of our seats .
deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel .
nijinsky says , 'i know how to suffer' and if you see this film you'll know too .
it's really yet another anemic and formulaic lethal weapon-derived buddy-cop movie , trying to pass off its lack of imagination as hip knowingness .
max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve . . . as far as art is concerned , it's mission accomplished .
in the new guy , even the bull gets recycled .
. . . the first 2/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor . . .
despite bearing the paramount imprint , it's a bargain-basement european pickup . what's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up . wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there
it's sweet . . . but just a little bit too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end .
an awful lot like one of [spears'] music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it .
a melancholy , emotional film .
i'm not a fan of the phrase 'life affirming' because it usually means 'schmaltzy , ' but real women have curves truly is life affirming .
the big-screen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison .
though catch me if you can isn't badly made , the fun slowly leaks out of the movie .
if this is an example of the type of project that robert redford's lab is willing to lend its imprimatur to , then perhaps it's time to rethink independent films .
wobbly senegalese updating of " carmen " which is best for the stunning star turn by djeinaba diop gai
a modest masterpiece .
sushi for the connoisseurs of the macabre .
it's a grab bag of genres that don't add up to a whole lot of sense .
the film is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables .
almost everything about the film is unsettling , from the preposterous hairpiece worn by lai's villainous father to the endless action sequences .
best described as i know what you did last winter .
a stylish thriller .
the sort of film that makes me miss hitchcock , but also feel optimistic that there's hope for popular cinema yet .
what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it's icky .
a potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted .
the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted needn't waste their time on it .
doesn't amount to much of anything .
while howard's appreciation of brown and his writing is clearly well-meaning and sincere , the movie would be impossible to sit through were it not for the supporting cast .
despite a performance of sustained intelligence from stanford and another of subtle humour from bebe neuwirth , as an older woman who seduces oscar , the film founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu - rich new york intelligentsia - and its off
scores no points for originality , wit , or intelligence . it's a cookie-cutter movie , a cut-and-paste job .
never engaging , utterly predictable and completely void of anything remotely interesting or suspenseful .
i have two words to say about reign of fire . great dragons !
a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film .
a deceivingly simple film , one that grows in power in retrospect .
yes they can swim , the title is merely anne-sophie birot's off-handed way of saying girls find adolescence difficult to wade through .
gorgeous scenes , masterful performances , but the sickly sweet gender normative narrative left an acrid test in this gourmet's mouth .
star trek : nemesis meekly goes where nearly every star trek movie has gone before . wince-inducing dialogue , thrift-shop costumes , prosthetic makeup by silly putty and kmart blue-light-special effects all conspire to test trekkie loyalty .
it'll keep you wide awake and . . . very tense .
there's some outrageously creative action in the transporter . . . [b]ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck , it's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman .
this film's relationship to actual tension is the same as what christmas-tree flocking in a spray can is to actual snow : a poor -- if durable -- imitation .
as the movie dragged on , i thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign . i have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short .
exploring value choices is a worthwhile topic for a film -- but here the choices are as contrived and artificial as kerrigan's platinum-blonde hair .
light-years ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least artistically .
a story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material .
too close to phantom menace for comfort .
a movie that's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts .
as a witness to several greek-american weddings -- but , happily , a victim of none -- i can testify to the comparative accuracy of ms . vardalos' memories and insights .
the direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by harris , phifer and cam'ron seal the deal .
enticing and often funny documentary .
well-nigh unendurable . . . though the picture strains to become cinematic poetry , it remains depressingly prosaic and dull .
strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild .
believes so fervently in humanity that it feels almost anachronistic , and it is too cute by half . but arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .
yes , it's as good as you remember . in fact , even better .
it says a lot about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense .
director yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we haven't seen 10 , 000 times .
although it tries to be much more , it's really just another major league .
[a] soulless , stupid sequel . . .
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire .
it appears as if even the filmmakers didn't know what kind of movie they were making .
douglas mcgrath's nicholas nickleby does dickens as it should be done cinematically .
some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat .
it's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .
as a revenge thriller , the movie is serviceable , but it doesn't really deliver the delicious guilty pleasure of the better film versions .
the lively appeal of the last kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy .
a pint-sized 'goodfellas' designed to appeal to the younger set , it's not a very good movie in any objective sense , but it does mostly hold one's interest .
about as satisfying and predictable as the fare at your local drive through .
if there's nothing fresh about wannabes , which was written by mr . demeo , who produced and directed the film with charles a . addessi , much of the time the movie feels authentic .
as [the characters] get more depressed , the story gets more tiresome , especially as it continues to mount a conspicuous effort to be profound .
if i have to choose between gorgeous animation and a lame story ( like , say , treasure planet ) or so-so animation and an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters , i'll take the latter every time .
just how these families interact may surprise you .
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications . . . that have no bearing on the story .
though perry and hurley make inspiring efforts to breathe life into the disjointed , haphazard script by jay scherick and david ronn , neither the actors nor director reginald hudlin can make it more than fitfully entertaining .
without non-stop techno or the existential overtones of a kieslowski morality tale , maelström is just another winter sleepers .
a moving and not infrequently breathtaking film .
at a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had , godfrey reggio's career shines like a lonely beacon .
this movie seems to have been written using mad-libs . there can be no other explanation . hilariously inept and ridiculous .
young everlyn sampi , as the courageous molly craig , simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .
the production values are up there . the use of cgi and digital ink-and-paint make the thing look really slick . the voices are fine as well . the problem , it is with most of these things , is the script .
a bloated gasbag thesis grotesquely impressed by its own gargantuan aura of self-importance . . .
a film of ideas and wry comic mayhem .
jacquot's rendering of puccini's tale of devotion and double-cross is more than just a filmed opera . in his first stab at the form , jacquot takes a slightly anarchic approach that works only sporadically .
a sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like the ghost and mr . chicken .
black-and-white and unrealistic .
sex with strangers is fascinating . . .
" what really happened ? " is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience .
although based on a real-life person , john , in the movie , is a rather dull person to be stuck with for two hours .
in the spirit of the season , i assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni's pinocchio -- but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it .
intimate and panoramic .
the crime matters less than the characters , although the filmmakers supply enough complications , close calls and double-crosses to satisfy us .
. . . quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks .
the ill-conceived modern-day ending falls flat where it should deliver a moral punch .
shanghai ghetto should be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story , but you might want to think twice before booking passage .
a thinly veiled look at different aspects of chinese life clashing with each other .
carrying off a spot-on scottish burr , duvall ( also a producer ) peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .
swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit . or intelligent .
good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat .
jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema .
julia is played with exasperating blandness by laura regan .
good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach make paid in full worth seeing .
it's not original , and , robbed of the element of surprise , it doesn't have any huge laughs in its story of irresponsible cops who love to play pranks .
the movie is as far as you can get from racy , to the point where it almost stops the blood flow to your brain ; it has a dull , costumey feel .
if not a home run , then at least a solid base hit .
. . . the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning .
the am-radio soundtrack and game cast -- tierney and the inimitable walken especially -- keep this unusual comedy from choking on its own conceit .
these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation .
so devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it cannot even be dubbed hedonistic .
a meatballs for the bare-midriff generation .
lawrence plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy .
there has always been something likable about the marquis de sade .
hilarious , touching and wonderfully dyspeptic .
a solidly entertaining little film .
written , flatly , by david kendall and directed , barely , by there's something about mary co-writer ed decter .
typical animé , with cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names .
it may . . . work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns .
chris columbus' sequel is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original .
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top .
director tom shadyac and star kevin costner glumly mishandle the story's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .
what's not to like about a movie with a 'children's' song that includes the line 'my stepdad's not mean , he's just adjusting' ?
it's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and i think even fans of sandler's comic taste may find it uninteresting .
the biggest problem with roger avary's uproar against the mpaa is that , even in all its director's cut glory , he's made a film that's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything .
the whole film has this sneaky feel to it – as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .
blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden .
a simple , sometimes maddeningly slow film that has just enough charm and good acting to make it interesting , but is ultimately pulled under by the pacing and lack of creativity within .
sluggishly directed by episodic tv veteran joe zwick , it's a sitcom without the snap-crackle .
kwan makes the mix-and- match metaphors intriguing , while lulling us into torpor with his cultivated allergy to action .
open-minded kids -- kids who read , kids who dream -- will be comforted by the way it deals with big issues like death and destiny .
graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies .
a late-night cable sexploitation romp masquerading as a thriller about the ruthless social order that governs college cliques .
a portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers .
the trials of henry kissinger is a remarkable piece of filmmaking … because you get it .
ferrara's strongest and most touching movie of recent years .
a well-made and often lovely depiction of the mysteries of friendship .
this tenth feature is a big deal , indeed -- at least the third-best , and maybe even a notch above the previous runner-up , nicholas meyer's star trek vi : the undiscovered country .
the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense .
content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance .
like its title character , esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .
the quality of the art combined with the humor and intelligence of the script allow the filmmakers to present the biblical message of forgiveness without it ever becoming preachy or syrupy .
a yarn that respects the marvel version without becoming ensnared by it .
it would be disingenuous to call reno a great film , but you can say that about most of the flicks moving in and out of the multiplex . this is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn .
one of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since the evil dead .
this pathetic junk is barely an hour long . nevertheless , it still seems endless .
meyjes focuses too much on max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the- making .
as a director , eastwood is off his game -- there's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot 'surprises' are really surprising .
the last three narcissists left on earth compete for each others' affections .
scotland , pa . blurs the line between black comedy and black hole .
an average b-movie with no aspirations to be anything more .
hardly a film that comes along every day .
as it turns out , you can go home again .
generic slasher-movie nonsense , but it's not without style .
pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws .
hits one out of the park for the 'they don't make 'em like that anymore' department .
children , christian or otherwise , deserve to hear the full story of jonah's despair -- in all its agonizing , catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it .
the truth is that the truth about charlie gets increasingly tiresome .
the premise of " abandon " holds promise , . . . but its delivery is a complete mess .
a zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking morlocks .
a film which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised .
punitively affirmational parable .
lástima por schwarzenegger , pero es hora de que deje la estafeta a las nuevas generaciones .
spare but quietly effective retelling .
consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire .
mckay deflates his piece of puffery with a sour cliche and heavy doses of mean-spiritedness
a movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you can't wait to see end .
highly irritating at first , mr . koury's passive technique eventually begins to yield some interesting results .
. . . digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations .
a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it
the narrative is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking mystery science theater 3000 guys .
this miserable excuse of a movie runs on empty , believing flatbush machismo will get it through .
contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs , the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .
it may not be as cutting , as witty or as true as back in the glory days of weekend and two or three things i know about her , but who else engaged in filmmaking today is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process ?
time out is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term .
the plot of the comeback curlers isn't very interesting actually , but what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what's unique and quirky about canadians .
disturbingly superficial in its approach to the material .
though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .
as pedestrian as they come .
murderous maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy . . .
the movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value .
maybe thomas wolfe was right : you can't go home again .
too often , son of the bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained " big moment " will occur and not " if . "
at its most basic , this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .
[jackson and bledel] seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd .
just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .
this is a raw and disturbing tale that took five years to make , and the trio's absorbing narrative is a heart-wrenching showcase indeed .
. . . liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario . too bad .
worth seeing just for weaver and lapaglia .
will probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .
stealing harvard doesn't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .
even die-hard fans of japanese animation . . . will find this one a challenge .
funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness .
offers very little genuine romance and even fewer laughs . . . a sad sitcom of a movie , largely devoid of charm .
there's a vastness implied in metropolis that is just breathtaking .
the satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying .
a biopic about crane's life in the classic tradition but evolves into what has become of us all in the era of video .
the film overcomes the regular minefield of coming-of-age cliches with potent doses of honesty and sensitivity .
the film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface .
technically , the film is about as interesting as an insurance commercial .
weaves a spell over you , with its disturbingly close-up look at damaged psyches and its subtle undercurrents of danger . but its awkward structure keeps breaking the spell .
a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit won't be disappointed .
this 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material .
the concept is a hoot . the trailer is a riot . the movie is a dud .
cuts right through the b . s . giving a big middle-fingered " shut up " to those who talk up what is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta one another .
little more than a super-sized infomercial for the cable-sports channel and its summer x games .
it concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt .
harrison's flowers puts its heart in the right place , but its brains are in no particular place at all .
will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it .
thanks to a small star with big heart , this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all .
a truly moving experience , and a perfect example of how art -- when done right -- can help heal , clarify , and comfort .
this is really just another genre picture .
we may get the full visceral impact of a ruthless army on the warpath but no sense of the devilish complexity of the balkans conflict .
'no es la mejor cinta de la serie , ni la mejor con brosnan a la cabeza , pero de que entretiene ni duda cabe . '
if you sometimes like to go to the movies to have fun , wasabi is a good place to start .
it's fairly solid--not to mention well edited so that it certainly doesn't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
a ponderous meditation on love that feels significantly longer than its relatively scant 97 minutes .
it is a testament of quiet endurance , of common concern , of reconciled survival .
marinated in clichés and mawkish dialogue .
not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers -- it's a spirited film and a must-see .
lame sweet home leaves no southern stereotype unturned .
a comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising .
is it a comedy ? a drama ? a romance ? a cartoon ?
greg kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior .
it may be a prize winner , but teacher is a bomb .
energetic and boldly provocative .
. . . spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative .
earnest falls short of its ideal predecessor largely due to parker's ill-advised meddling with the timeless source material .
the fight scenes are fun , but it grows tedious .
a devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism .
despite what anyone believes about the goal of its makers , the show . . . represents a spectacular piece of theater , and there's no denying the talent of the creative forces behind it .
it is scott's convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .
remarkable for its intelligence and intensity .
a creaky staircase gothic .
a captivating new film .
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin .
it's all surface psychodramatics .
viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for holm's performance , the film would be a total washout .
a virtual roller-coaster ride of glamour and sleaze .
everything is pegged into the groove of a new york dating comedy with 'issues' to simplify .
a gripping drama .
bon appétit ! just like a splendid meal , red dragon satisfies – from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .
some of it is clever , but it is never melodic/
all right , so it's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast .
foster and whitaker are especially fine . she is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain , incapable of controlling his crew .
sodden and glum , even in those moments where it's supposed to feel funny and light .
the more kevin costner rests on his pretty-boy laurels , the public is , regrettably , going to have tepid films like dragonfly tossed at them .
an entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller .
who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the 'qatsi' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ?
nicole kidman makes it a party worth attending .
all in all , brown sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that's both charming and well acted . it will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .
like those to rome , all roads in the banger sisters inevitably lead to a joke about hawn's breasts , which constantly threaten to upstage the woman sporting them .
a movie that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart .
i'm not suggesting that you actually see it , unless you're the kind of person who has seen every wim wenders film of the '70s .
as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , sex with strangers is a success .
it's . . . worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts .
possession is elizabeth barrett browning meets nancy drew , and it's directed by . . . neil labute . hmm .
an ultra-low-budget indie debut that smacks more of good intentions than talent .
an unintentional parody of every teen movie made in the last five years .
i am sorry that i was unable to get the full brunt of the comedy .
a quiet treasure -- a film to be savored .
[moore's] better at fingering problems than finding solutions . but though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .
[it] has the feel of a summer popcorn movie . nothing too deep or substantial . explosions , jokes , and sexual innuendoes abound .
like being trapped inside a huge video game , where exciting , inane images keep popping past your head and the same illogical things keep happening over and over again .
jolie's performance vanishes somewhere between her hair and her lips .
it's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids .
there seems to be no clear path as to where the story's going , or how long it's going to take to get there .
the quiet american isn't a bad film , it's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .
eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you don't care who fires the winning shot .
there's . . . an underlying old world sexism to monday morning that undercuts its charm .
it drowns in sap .
the first question to ask about bad company is why anthony hopkins is in it . we assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .
the movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart .
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react .
if the title is a jeopardy question , then the answer might be " how does steven seagal come across these days ? " or maybe " how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ?
the plot convolutions ultimately add up to nothing more than jerking the audience's chain .
mark me down as a non-believer in werewolf films that are not serious and rely on stupidity as a substitute for humor .
trouble every day is a success in some sense , but it's hard to like a film so cold and dead .
snipes is both a snore and utter tripe .
whenever you think you've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end . but , no , we get another scene , and then another . you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .
another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt pictures .
its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary .
yet another arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents .
hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like . . . but overall the halloween series has lost its edge .
the film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .
. . . [the film] works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay .
the words , 'frankly , my dear , i don't give a damn , ' have never been more appropriate .
good , solid storytelling .
it's better than mid-range steven seagal , but not as sharp as jet li on rollerblades .
as the two leads , lathan and diggs are charming and have chemistry both as friends and lovers .
debut effort by " project greenlight " winner is sappy and amateurish .
there's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .
an infuriating film . just when you think you are making sense of it , something happens that tells you there is no sense .
by the time it ends in a rush of sequins , flashbulbs , blaring brass and back-stabbing babes , it has said plenty about how show business has infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better .
there are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers don't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies .
professionally speaking , it's tempting to jump ship in january to avoid ridiculous schlock like this shoddy suspense thriller .
festers in just such a dungpile that you'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .
the year's greatest adventure , and jackson's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate .
a knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite son of the bride .
stands as one of the year's most intriguing movie experiences , letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .
hugh grant's act is so consuming that sometimes it's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are .
every joke is repeated at least four times . every joke is repeated at least four times . every joke is repeated at least--annoying , isn't it ?
a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre
the film is saved from aren't-kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that isn't faked and a stately sense of composition .
a movie like the guys is why film criticism can be considered work .
for all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2-hour running time .
despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed .
crossroads feels like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama .
the movie isn't just hilarious : it's witty and inventive , too , and in hindsight , it isn't even all that dumb .
the film is bright and flashy in all the right ways .
judd's characters ought to pick up the durable best seller smart women , foolish choices for advice .
the closest thing to the experience of space travel
the chateau cleverly probes the cross-cultural differences between gauls and yanks .
overall , it's a pretty mediocre family film .
none of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think .
i'm not generally a fan of vegetables but this batch is pretty cute .
what the film lacks in general focus it makes up for in compassion , as corcuera manages to find the seeds of hope in the form of collective action .
adults will certainly want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio . as for children , they won't enjoy the movie at all .
doesn't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez .
a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics aren't likely to enter the theater .
a grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story .
here's my advice , kev . start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line .
the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy .
like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery .
the movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality .
a refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market .
there aren't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) , but " elling " manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year's most enjoyable releases .
trademark american triteness and simplicity are tossed out the window with the intelligent french drama that deftly explores the difficult relationship between a father and son .
much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep .
[a]n utterly charming and hilarious film that reminded me of the best of the disney comedies from the 60s .
an artful , intelligent film that stays within the confines of a well-established genre .
this movie has a strong message about never giving up on a loved one , but it's not an easy movie to watch and will probably disturb many who see it .
" the quiet american " begins in saigon in 1952 . that's its first sign of trouble .
sometimes makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates .
huppert and girardot give performances of exceptional honesty .
now as a former gong show addict , i'll admit it , my only complaint is that we didn't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show .
secretary is just too original to be ignored .
it challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should .
director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great .
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr . besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms . shu is an institution , but american audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic .
the film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved . . . this makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture .
the biggest problem i have ( other than the very sluggish pace ) is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing .
in gleefully , thumpingly hyperbolic terms , it covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz .
the element of surprise might be the only thing femme fatale has going for it .
ranges from laugh-out-loud hilarious to wonder-what- time-it-is tedious .
a poignant comedy that offers food for thought .
the problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .
just watch bettany strut his stuff . you'll know a star when you see one .
imagine if you will a tony hawk skating video interspliced with footage from behind enemy lines and set to jersey shore techno .
the makers of mothman prophecies succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .
boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect .
the film tries to touch on spousal abuse but veers off course and becomes just another revenge film .
not a cozy or ingratiating work , but it's challenging , sometimes clever , and always interesting , and those are reasons enough to see it .
die another day is only intermittently entertaining but it's hard not to be a sucker for its charms , or perhaps it's just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with .
one of those so-so films that could have been much better .
though frida is easier to swallow than julie taymor's preposterous titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio .
who is this movie for ? not kids , who don't need the lesson in repugnance . it's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are 'edgy . '
what more can be expected from a college comedy that's target audience hasn't graduated from junior high school ?
a breezy , diverting , conventional , well-acted tale of two men locked in an ongoing game of cat-and-cat .
with a " spy kids " sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a " snl " has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ?
despite engaging offbeat touches , knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast .
well-written , nicely acted and beautifully shot and scored , the film works on several levels , openly questioning social mores while ensnaring the audience with its emotional pull .
parker probably thinks he's shaking up a classic the way kenneth branagh and baz luhrmann have , but this half-hearted messing-about just makes us miss wilde's still-contemporary play .
if you've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart . this is the best star trek movie in a long time .
the smash 'em-up , crash 'em-up , shoot 'em-up ending comes out of nowhere substituting mayhem for suspense .
a party-hearty teen flick that scalds like acid .
the script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue .
myers never knows when to let a gag die ; thus , we're subjected to one mind-numbingly lengthy riff on poo and pee jokes after another .
a densely constructed , highly referential film , and an audacious return to form that can comfortably sit among jean-luc godard's finest work .
rabbit-proof fence will probably make you angry . but it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that doesn't make you feel like a sucker .
taken as a whole , the tuxedo doesn't add up to a whole lot .
too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one .
it's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism .
filmmakers who can deftly change moods are treasures and even marvels . so , too , is this comedy about mild culture clashing in today's new delhi .
whether seen on a 10-inch television screen or at your local multiplex , the edge-of-your-seat , educational antics of steve irwin are priceless entertainment .
her fans walked out muttering words like " horrible " and " terrible , " but had so much fun dissing the film that they didn't mind the ticket cost . in this case zero .
like most bond outings in recent years , some of the stunts are so outlandish that they border on being cartoonlike . a heavy reliance on cgi technology is beginning to creep into the series .
a direct-to-void release , heading nowhere .
the emperor's club is one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world , but . . .
that frenetic spectacle [on the tv show] has usually been leavened by a charm that's conspicuously missing from the girls' big-screen blowout .
the thriller side of this movie is falling flat , as the stalker doesn't do much stalking , and no cop or lawyer grasps the concept of actually investigating the case .
it is the sheer , selfish , wound-licking , bar-scrapping doggedness of leon's struggle to face and transmute his demons that makes the movie a spirited and touching occasion , despite its patchy construction .
highly watchable stuff .
the film's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes . . . drag the movie down .
an atonal estrogen opera that demonizes feminism while gifting the most sympathetic male of the piece with a nice vomit bath at his wedding .
elegant , mannered and teasing .
the film's strength isn't in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears .
without resorting to camp or parody , haynes ( like sirk , but differently ) has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .
a generic international version of a typical american horror film .
13 conversations may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful , but sprecher and her screenwriting partner and sister , karen sprecher , don't seem ever to run out of ideas .
like a tone-deaf singer at a benefit concert , john q . is a bad movie appearing on behalf of a good cause .
a modest and messy metaphysical thriller offering more questions than answers .
it's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .
it takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about . so here it is : it's about a family of sour immortals .
. . . stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier .
de niro cries . you'll cry for your money back .
anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy .
although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming , it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .
a graceful , contemplative film that gradually and artfully draws us into a world where the personal and the political get fatally intertwined .
worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames .
a sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama .
gran historia sobre el amor , la familia , la lealtad y la traición que seguramente se convertirá en un nuevo clásico del género .
it's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity . but it's hardly a necessary enterprise .
like brosnan's performance , evelyn comes from the heart .
what 'dumb and dumber' would have been without the vulgarity and with an intelligent , life-affirming script .
the story's so preposterous that i didn't believe it for a second , despite the best efforts of everyone involved .
if a few good men told us that we " can't handle the truth " than high crimes poetically states at one point in this movie that we " don't care about the truth . "
it takes you somewhere you're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it's surprisingly old-fashioned .
it's not hateful . it's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical .
how this one escaped the lifetime network i'll never know .
maggie smith as the ya-ya member with the o2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment .
a modestly made but profoundly moving documentary .
[t]he film is never sure to make a clear point – even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation .
the off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery .
" austin powers in goldmember " has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .
alan and his fellow survivors are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise .
a terrific b movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory .
loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness .
if you want to see a train wreck that you can't look away from , then look no further , because here it is .
see clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes . but be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still . or that the battery on your watch has died .
the attempt is courageous , even if the result is wildly uneven .
expect the same-old , lame-old slasher nonsense , just with different scenery .
yet another self-consciously overwritten story about a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters that team up for a can't-miss heist -- only to have it all go wrong .
an imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie .
the series' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives remains prominent , as do the girls' amusing personalities .
" juwanna mann ? " no thanks . wewannour money back , actually .
romantic , riveting and handsomely animated .
it's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish . not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch , it's one of the worst of the entire franchise .
would you laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can ? do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man's body ? if you answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy .
if you're not into the pokemon franchise , this fourth animated movie in four years won't convert you -- or even keep your eyes open . but fans should have fun meeting a brand-new pokemon called celebi .
swimming is above all about a young woman's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman's doubts and yearnings , it succeeds .
over-the-top and a bit ostentatious , this is a movie that's got oodles of style and substance .
by and large this is mr . kilmer's movie , and it's his strongest performance since the doors .
the creaking , rusty ship makes a fine backdrop , but the ghosts' haunting is routine .
the movie's ripe , enrapturing beauty will tempt those willing to probe its inscrutable mysteries .
gondry's direction is adequate . . . but what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman's script .
a joyous occasion
it's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and that's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs . cinematic pratfalls given a working over . the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back .
an artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art .
a film that will probably please people already fascinated by behan but leave everyone else yawning with admiration .
the fourth in a series that i'll bet most parents had thought --hoped ! -- was a fad that had long since vanished .
throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : so why is this so boring ?
coy but exhilarating , with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes .
i don't think i laughed out loud once . and when you're talking about a slapstick comedy , that's a pretty big problem .
think the lion king redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams , the world's most generic rock star .
the one not-so-small problem with expecting is that the entire exercise has no real point .
an inexperienced director , mehta has much to learn .
to get at the root psychology of this film would require many sessions on the couch of dr . freud .
a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity .
if it's unnerving suspense you're after -- you'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for .
a gripping , searing portrait of a lost soul trying to find her way through life .
it's a film that's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio's animated classics .
a resonant tale of racism , revenge and retribution .
sly , sophisticated and surprising .
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style .
a stylistic romp that's always fun to watch .
. . . will always be remembered for the 9-11 terrorist attacks . after seeing the film , i can tell you that there's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .
unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction , impostor is opening today at a theater near you .
not only are the special effects and narrative flow much improved , and daniel radcliffe more emotionally assertive this time around as harry , but the film conjures the magic of author j . k . rowling's books .
city by the sea is the cinematic equivalent of defensive driving : it's careful , conscientious and makes no major mistakes . but what saves lives on the freeway does not necessarily make for persuasive viewing .
singer/composer bryan adams contributes a slew of songs — a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story — but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece .
morton deserves an oscar nomination .
lucky break is perfectly inoffensive and harmless , but it's also drab and inert .
after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen .
a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events .
the sequel has turned completely and irrevocably bizarre to the point of utter nonsense .
the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few .
the whole thing plays out with the drowsy heaviness of synchronized swimmer wearing a wool wetsuit .
clayburgh and tambor are charming performers ; neither of them deserves eric schaeffer .
don't hate el crimen del padre amaro because it's anti-catholic . hate it because it's lousy .
tsai may be ploughing the same furrow once too often .
full of detail about the man and his country , and is well worth seeing .
the most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year has arrived from portugal .
the cat's meow marks a return to form for director peter bogdanovich . . .
. . . comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental .
occasionally funny and consistently odd , and it works reasonably well as a star vehicle for zhao .
" nicholas nickleby " is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there's no new " a christmas carol " out in the theaters this year . charlie hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero .
there's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects .
as self-aware movies go , who is cletis tout ? is clever enough , though thin writing proves its undoing .
" frailty " offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies . and , there's no way you won't be talking about the film once you exit the theater .
although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse , the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .
monte cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .
ritchie's treatment of the class reversal is majorly ham-fisted , from the repetitive manifestos that keep getting thrown in people's faces to the fact amber is such a joke .
harris commands the screen , using his frailty to suggest the ravages of a life of corruption and ruthlessness .
the only way this supernatural snore-fest could give anyone a case of the frights is if they were put to sleep by the movie and had a nightmare .
a portrait of an artist .
here's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior .
an enormously entertaining movie , like nothing we've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar .
despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .
there's a spontaneity to the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout .
while it's nice to watch a movie that hasn't been focus-grouped into tedium , yu's cinematic alchemy produces nearly as much lead as gold .
everything in maid in manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend . it goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste .
y tu mamá también es un buen filme gracias a lo poco convencional de su narrativa , y es quizá el proyecto más arriesgado en la carrera de alfonso cuarón
a soggy , cliche-bound epic-horror yarn that ends up being even dumber than its title .
the movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive .
a chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody .
at 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth .
nair just doesn't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
made to be jaglomized is the cannes film festival , the annual riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money . the charming result is festival in cannes .
the movie is . . . very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes .
far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year's kubrick-meets-spielberg exercise .
[a] devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama .
an intriguing cinematic omnibus and round-robin that occasionally is more interesting in concept than in execution .
the story is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than i'd care to count .
immersing us in the endlessly inventive , fiercely competitive world of hip-hop djs , the project is sensational and revelatory , even if scratching makes you itch .
it's enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins .
a marvel of production design .
payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran's electoral process , but the result is a film that's about as subtle as a party political broadcast .
[jeff's] gorgeous , fluid compositions , underlined by neil finn and edmund mcwilliams's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor , but rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent .
the only camouflage carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
like kubrick , soderbergh isn't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .
[city] reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of 'analyze this' ( 1999 ) and 'analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year .
an engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character .
this big screen caper has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow .
it gives devastating testimony to both people's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good .
if it's seldom boring , well , it's also rarely coherent .
feels less like it's about teenagers , than it was written by teenagers .
i was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun , but it was neither .
[stephen] earnhart's film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones they currently have .
what sets ms . birot's film apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents .
rather less than the sum of its underventilated père-fils confrontations .
this dreadfully earnest inversion of the concubine love triangle eschews the previous film's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension .
the backyard battles you staged with your green plastic army men were more exciting and almost certainly made more sense .
a faster paced family flick . upper teens may get cynical . smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy .
all of the filmmakers' calculations can't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness .
this movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .
adolescents will be adequately served by the movie's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a 'topless tutorial service . '
the plan to make enough into ‘an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller' has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong .
jonathan parker's bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films .
mild , meandering teen flick .
a highly intriguing thriller , coupled with some ingenious plot devices and some lavishly built settings . . it's a worthwhile tutorial in quantum physics and slash-dash
schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film's present with the playful paranoia of the film's past .
a feel-good movie that doesn't give you enough to feel good about .
uses high comedy to evoke surprising poignance .
if you like peace , you'll like promises .
everybody loves a david and goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from david's point of view .
[t]he ideas of revolution #9 are more compelling than the execution
a smart , witty follow-up .
often silly – and gross – but it's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films .
ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer's memory .
there's a lot to recommend read my lips .
eastwood is an icon of moviemaking , one of the best actors , directors and producers around , responsible for some excellent work . but even a hero can stumble sometimes .
nervous breakdowns are not entertaining .
mazel tov to a film about a family's joyous life acting on the yiddish stage .
crudup's screen presence is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families .
theological matters aside , the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .
it's one thing to read about or rail against the ongoing - and unprecedented - construction project going on over our heads . it's quite another to feel physically caught up in the process .
a canny , derivative , wildly gruesome portrait of a london sociopath who's the scariest of sadists .
duvall is strong as always .
[toback's] fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard . . . blends uneasily with the titillating material .
a thinly veiled excuse for wilson to play his self-deprecating act against murphy's well-honed prima donna shtick .
not so much a movie as a picture book for the big screen . this isn't my favorite in the series , still i enjoyed it enough to recommend .
the characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects .
watching these eccentrics is both inspiring and pure joy .
to say analyze that is de niro's best film since meet the parents sums up the sad state of his recent career .
at once half-baked and overheated .
the film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of america's indigenous people , but really only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get .
what a great way to spend 4 units of your day .
a compelling journey . . . and " his best friend remembers " is up there with the finest of specials .
touches smartly and wistfully on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society . . . might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants .
a loquacious and dreary piece of business .
spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don' t know an orc from a uruk-hai .
generally provides its target audience of youngsters enough stimulating eye and ear candy to make its moral medicine go down .
the real charm of this trifle is the deadpan comic face of its star , jean reno , who resembles sly stallone in a hot sake half-sleep .
culkin exudes none of the charm or charisma that might keep a more general audience even vaguely interested in his bratty character .
the man from elysian fields is a cold , bliss-less work that groans along thinking itself some important comment on how life throws us some beguiling curves .
jam-packed with literally bruising jokes . every five minutes or so , someone gets clocked .
the journey toward redemption feels more like a cinematic experiment than a full-blown movie .
it's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another .
one lousy movie .
when it comes to entertainment , children deserve better than pokemon 4ever .
despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless .
sucking all the 'classic' out of robert louis stevenson's treasure island and filling the void with sci-fi video game graphics and disney-fied adolescent angst . . .
barely gets off the ground .
i never thought i'd say this , but i'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies !
there's just no currency in deriding james bond for being a clichéd , doddering , misogynistic boy's club .
bond-inspired ? certainly . likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise ? let's hope not .
it's the filmmakers' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .
exhilarating , funny and fun .
a work of astonishing delicacy and force .
a journey that's too random and inconclusive to be compelling , but which hoffman's brilliance almost makes worth taking .
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this isn't .
fans of plympton's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers .
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other .
nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film . . . it's not even a tv special you'd bother watching past the second commercial break .
it's not a great monster movie . but if you've paid a matinee price and bought a big tub of popcorn , there's guilty fun to be had here . chomp chomp !
a well-made but emotionally scattered film whose hero gives his heart only to the dog .
it's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie , but it's entertaining enough and worth a look .
how can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ? in truth , it has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) .
unlike his directorial efforts , la femme nikita and the professional , the transporter lacks besson's perspective as a storyteller .
pumpkin wants to have it both ways .
claims to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem .
for a film about action , ultimate x is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .
terrific as nadia , a russian mail-order bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english , it's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .
. . . the good and different idea [of middle-aged romance] is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend " never again . "
a big , gorgeous , sprawling swashbuckler that delivers its diversions in grand , uncomplicated fashion .
a bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points .
'blue crush' swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award .
. . . an agreeable time-wasting device -- but george pal's low-tech 1960 version still rules the epochs .
a quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness .
la cinta comienza intentando ser un drama , rápidamente se transforma en una comedia y termina por ser una parodia absolutamente predecible
the movie bounces all over the map .
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing .
an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people . . . manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .
[seems] even more uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels .
the most ill-conceived animated comedy since the 1991 dog rover dangerfield .
[a] strong piece of work .
it's absolutely spooky how lillard channels the shagster right down to the original casey kasem-furnished voice .
a battle between bug-eye theatre and dead-eye matinee .
beautifully observed , miraculously unsentimental comedy-drama .
though this film can be clumsy , its ambitions are equally -- and admirably -- uncommercial .
culkin , who's in virtually every scene , shines as a young man who uses sarcastic lies like a shield .
the tone errs on the shrill side , tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons .
as a kind of colorful , dramatized pbs program , frida gets the job done . but , for that , why not watch a documentary ?
a charming , quirky and leisurely paced scottish comedy -- except with an outrageous central gimmick that could have been a reject from monty python's meaning of life .
this engrossing , characteristically complex tom clancy thriller is shifty in the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time .
handsome and sincere but slightly awkward in its combination of entertainment and evangelical boosterism .
you'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama .
works because we're never sure if ohlinger's on the level or merely a dying , delusional man trying to get into the history books before he croaks .
it is definitely worth seeing .
instead of panoramic sweep , kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story's emotional thrust .
though uniformly well acted , especially by young ballesta and galan ( a first-time actor ) , writer/director achero manas's film is schematic and obvious .
starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .
good ol' urban legend stuff .
it's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty .
freundlich's made [crudup] a suburban architect , and a cipher .
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , but it's also a failure of storytelling .
as we have come to learn -- as many times as we have fingers to count on -- jason is a killer who doesn't know the meaning of the word 'quit . ' the filmmakers might want to look it up .
his work transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories .
though it is by no means his best work , laissez-passer is a distinguished and distinctive effort by a bona-fide master , a fascinating film replete with rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them .
rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day .
a dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment .
seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what's left of his passe' chopsocky glory .
rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword , jiang wen's devils on the doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut .
rashomon-for-dipsticks tale .
es una de esas películas de las que uno sale reconfortado , agradecido , genuinamente sorprendido .
though few will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog's works , invincible shows he's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film .
if i spy were funny ( enough ) or exciting ( enough ) then it would be fairly simple to forgive the financial extortion it's trying to reap from the moviegoing public .
a study in shades of gray , offering itself up in subtle plot maneuvers . . .
there's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale .
once you get into its rhythm . . . the movie becomes a heady experience .
filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life .
a remarkable film by bernard rose .
it's the type of stunt the academy loves : a powerful political message stuffed into an otherwise mediocre film .
a deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed .
a rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .
a limp eddie murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .
a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire .
the chateau is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy .
you leave feeling like you've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing .
the film has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it's in danger of going wrong .
sometimes it feels as if it might have been made in the '70s or '80s , and starred chevy chase and goldie hawn .
for a story set at sea , ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed 'surprises . '
este é apenas mais um ( longo ) episódio do programa da mtv . a única diferença é que , desta vez , a paramount teve o mau gosto de exibi-lo nos cinemas .
terrible .
has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of b-movie excitement .
the observations of this social/economic/urban environment are canny and spiced with irony .
a potent allegorical love story .
slick piece of cross-promotion .
'opening up' the play more has partly closed it down .
may offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor .
if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but wasn't , guys would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor .
if you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore , you'll see del toro has brought unexpected gravity to blade ii .
the fact that the rookie is a nearly impeccable cinematic experience -- and a wonderful all-ages triumph besides -- is a miracle akin to the story the film portrays .
an uplifting , near-masterpiece .
birot is a competent enough filmmaker , but her story has nothing fresh or very exciting about it .
just dreadful . i don't blame eddie murphy but shouldn't owen wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ?
the movie should be credited with remembering his victims .
like smoke signals , the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
it's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate .
while the ideas about techno-saturation are far from novel , they're presented with a wry dark humor .
involving at times , but lapses quite casually into the absurd .
this movie got me grinning . there's a part of us that cannot help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .
. . . better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .
simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn .
it's basically an overlong episode of tales from the crypt .
makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place .
cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail's pace .
as warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
all the amped-up tony hawk-style stunts and thrashing rap-metal can't disguise the fact that , really , we've been here , done that .
by turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic .
you don't need to know your ice-t's from your cool-j's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california .
suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer demands .
the final result makes for adequate entertainment , i suppose , but anyone who has seen chicago on stage will leave the theater feeling they've watched nothing but a pale imitation of the real deal .
though it flirts with bathos and pathos and the further oprahfication of the world as we know it , it still cuts all the way down to broken bone .
. . . the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see .
distinctly sub-par . . . more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine .
made me feel uneasy , even queasy , because [solondz's] cool compassion is on the border of bemused contempt .
sem se preocupar em criar momentos melodramáticos para arrancar lágrimas do espectador , o pianista é um filme triste sem que , para isso , precise ser emocionante .
an imaginative comedy/thriller .
resembles a soft porn brian de palma pastiche .
if you like quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic , here's a fun one .
a strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man .
directed without the expected flair or imagination by hong kong master john woo , windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .
ihops don't pile on this much syrup .
evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made mamet's " house of games " and last fall's " heist " so much fun .
if you saw it on tv , you'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .
vampire epic succeeds as spooky action-packed trash of the highest order .
. . . a ho-hum affair , always watchable yet hardly memorable .
japanese director shohei imamura's latest film is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime .
a riveting story well told .
suffers from rambling , repetitive dialogue and the visual drabness endemic to digital video .
" simone " is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .
like kissing jessica stein , amy's orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .
poetic , heartbreaking .
it will grip even viewers who aren't interested in rap , as it cuts to the heart of american society in an unnerving way .
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences . . . and it's all the stronger because of it .
loud , silly , stupid and pointless .
has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope .
despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow , the weight of water is oppressively heavy .
paul bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie is certainly not number 1 .
there's no denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film . . . or the emotional integrity of the performances .
once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave . chances are you won't , either .
forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .
amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but the film works in spite of it .
an unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you forget its absurdity .
it's one heck of a character study -- not of hearst or davies but of the unique relationship between them .
observant intelligence constantly vies with pretension -- and sometimes plain wacky implausibility -- throughout maelstrom .
most of the supporting characters in eastwood films are weak , as are most of the subplots . this one's weaker than most .
many of benjamins' elements feel like they've been patched in from an episode of miami vice .
dismally dull sci-fi comedy .
below may not mark mr . twohy's emergence into the mainstream , but his promise remains undiminished .
without shakespeare's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish .
the documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc . -- to do the subject matter justice .
using his audience as a figurative port-of-call , dong pulls his even-handed ideological ship to their dock for unloading , before he continues his longer journey still ahead .
mattei is tiresomely grave and long-winded , as if circularity itself indicated profundity .
the movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .
the rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey .
any film featuring young children threatened by a terrorist bomb can no longer pass as mere entertainment .
scooby doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation .
this is as lax and limp a comedy as i've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material .
a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy .
it is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad .
wow . i have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .
it's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn . nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining .
the movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .
dense with characters and contains some thrilling moments .
it's been 20 years since 48 hrs . made eddie murphy a movie star and the man hasn't aged a day . but his showboating wise-cracker stock persona sure is getting old .
ong chooses to present ah na's life as a slight , weightless fairy tale , whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character's blank-faced optimism .
neil burger here succeeded in . . . making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present .
very special effects , brilliantly bold colors and heightened reality can't hide the giant achilles' heel in " stuart little 2 " : there's just no story , folks .
twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him . big time .
you've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but it's worth yet another visit .
you'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy .
bang ! zoom ! it's actually pretty funny , but in all the wrong places .
as a director , paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .
many shallower movies these days seem too long , but this one is egregiously short .
each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time .
painful to watch , but viewers willing to take a chance will be rewarded with two of the year's most accomplished and riveting film performances .
doug liman , the director of bourne , directs the traffic well , gets a nice wintry look from his locations , absorbs us with the movie's spycraft and uses damon's ability to be focused and sincere .
time stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable .
cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy .
while not for every taste , this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy .
'pocas veces es posible ver un elenco tan compenetrado con la historia , donde todos y cada uno de los actores ofrecen actuaciones verdaderamente memorables . '
even if you're an agnostic carnivore , you can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor .
it's unnerving to see recoing's bizzarre reaction to his unemployment . good film , but very glum .
you're not merely watching history , you're engulfed by it .
even horror fans will most likely not find what they're seeking with trouble every day ; the movie lacks both thrills and humor .
it's drained of life in an attempt to be sober and educational , and yet it's so devoid of realism that its lack of whistles and bells just makes it obnoxious and stiff .
more concerned with sade's ideas than with his actions . the movie achieves as great an impact by keeping these thoughts hidden as . . . [quills] did by showing them .
the film is darkly atmospheric , with herrmann quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath hearst's forced avuncular chortles .
as elegantly crafted as it often is , anderson's movie is essentially a one-trick pony that , hampered by an undeveloped script , ultimately pulls up lame .
in imax in short , it's just as wonderful on the big screen .
tartakovsky's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality .
very stupid and annoying .
scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario .
some elements of it really blow the big one , but other parts are decent .
celebrated at sundance , this slight comedy of manners has winning performances and a glossy , glib charm that's hard to beat .
there's a wickedly subversive bent to the best parts of birthday girl .
directed in a paint-by-numbers manner .
helps to remind the first world that hiv/aids is far from being yesterday's news .
'moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . '
stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little * * * * . no cute factor here… . not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like " the addams family " to everyone looking in . . . " my big fat greek wedding " comes from the heart . . .
cho's latest comic set isn't as sharp or as fresh as i'm the one that i want . . . but it's still damn funny stuff .
an awkward and indigestible movie .
whether jason x is this bad on purpose is never clear . but one thing's for sure : it never comes close to being either funny or scary .
like coming into a long-running , well-written television series where you've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably won't see the next six .
one of the worst films of 2002 .
an easy watch , except for the annoying demeanour of its lead character .
a moving picture that does not move .
absorbing and disturbing -- perhaps more disturbing than originally intended -- but a little clarity would have gone a long way .
in the end , white oleander isn't an adaptation of a novel . it's a flashy , star-splashed reduction .
while the film is competent , it's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
under 15 ? a giggle a minute . over age 15 ? big fat waste of time .
drumline ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band .
beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that's there to scare while we delight in the images .
it all plays out . . . like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller's time out .
this is not a retread of " dead poets' society . "
chaiken ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident .
a movie for 11-year-old boys with sports dreams of their own and the preteen girls who worship lil' bow wow .
too damn weird to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and better ) than pink floyd tickets .
awkward but sincere and , ultimately , it wins you over .
with an admirably dark first script by brent hanley , paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .
i weep for the future when a good portion of the respected critical community in this country consider blue crush to be an intelligent film about young women .
hoffman's performance is authentic to the core of his being .
i have a new favorite musical -- and i'm not even a fan of the genre
a plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of 'home , ' delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households .
as is most commonly case with projects such noble and lofty ambitions , the film is less poetic than simply pretentious .
plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king .
it might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons – a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness .
there are plenty of scenes in frida that do work , but rarely do they involve the title character herself .
it's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair .
in the new release of cinema paradiso , the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned .
by the end of it all i sort of loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them . perhaps the film should be seen as a conversation starter . it's not an easy one to review .
while benigni ( who stars and co-wrote ) seems to be having a wonderful time , he might be alone in that .
complete lack of originality , cleverness or even visible effort
while we want macdowell's character to retrieve her husband , we have to ask whether her personal odyssey trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her .
the lightest , most breezy movie steven spielberg has made in more than a decade . and the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him .
'this movie sucks . '
it will come as no surprise that the movie isn't scary . but here's the real damn : it isn't funny , either .
it's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest .
awesome creatures , breathtaking scenery , and epic battle scenes add up to another 'spectacular spectacle . '
would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial new yorker if 26-year-old reese witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic .
the continued good chemistry between carmen and juni is what keeps this slightly disappointing sequel going , with enough amusing banter -- blessedly curse-free -- to keep both kids and parents entertained .
this is the type of movie best enjoyed by frat boys and college kids while sucking on the bong and downing one alcoholic beverage after another .
it doesn't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject .
you can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you've completely lowered your entertainment standards .
[the digital effects] reminded me of terry gilliam's rudimentary old monty python cartoons , in which he would cut out figures from drawings and photographs and paste them together .
writer-director walter hill and co-writer david giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags .
at times , the movie looks genuinely pretty . your nightmares , on the other hand , will be anything but . not even felinni would know what to make of this italian freakshow .
every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you're on the edge of your seat .
some episodes work , some don't .
manages to be somewhat well-acted , not badly art-directed and utterly unengaging no matter how hard it tries to be thrilling , touching or , yikes , uproarious .
. . . an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar .
'christian bale's quinn [is] a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '
a sentimental mess that never rings true .
alain choquart's camera barely stops moving , portraying both the turmoil of the time and giving conduct a perpetual sense of urgency , which , for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool , is both funny and irritating .
the film's sharp , often mischievous sense of humor will catch some off guard . . .
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , however , robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
the saturation bombing of reggio's images and glass' evocative music . . . ultimately leaves viewers with the task of divining meaning .
it's a minor comedy that tries to balance sweetness with coarseness , while it paints a sad picture of the singles scene .
can be classified as one of those 'alternate reality' movies . . . except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality .
. . . either you're willing to go with this claustrophobic concept or you're not .
inside the film's conflict-powered plot there is a decent moral trying to get out , but it's not that , it's the tension that keeps you in your seat . affleck and jackson are good sparring partners .
this film is full of rabbits . brimful . but like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance .
what makes it worth watching is quaid's performance .
with generic sets and b-grade special effects , jason is about as convincing on the sci-fi front as tv's defunct cleopatra 2525 .
one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .
a fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame finally lies with kissinger . should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike .
skins has a desolate air , but eyre , a native american raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor .
ken russell would love this . in one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino's climactic shootout — and meat loaf explodes .
among the year's most intriguing explorations of alientation .
it's harmless , diverting fluff . but it's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .
may be far from the best of the series , but it's assured , wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation .
a penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic .
just not campy enough
katz's documentary doesn't have much panache , but with material this rich it doesn't need it .
doesn't do more than expand a tv show to movie length . however , it's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome .
a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish .
uneasy mishmash of styles and genres .
a beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in korea .
death to smoochy is often very funny , but what's even more remarkable is the integrity of devito's misanthropic vision .
gosling provides an amazing performance that dwarfs everything else in the film .
take care of my cat offers a refreshingly different slice of asian cinema .
a fast-paced , glitzy but extremely silly piece .
despite its raucous intent , xxx is as conventional as a nike ad and as rebellious as spring break .
like most sequels , it takes what worked last time , repeats it and adds more characters , more stunts , more stuff in attempt to camouflage its sameness .
exciting and well-paced .
the photographer's show-don't-tell stance is admirable , but it can make him a problematic documentary subject .
what could have been a daytime soap opera is actually a compelling look at a young woman's tragic odyssey .
it strikes hardest… when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain . fifty years after the fact , the world's political situation seems little different , and [director phillip] noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .
the film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters .
the best movie of its kind since 'brazil . ' lucas , take notes . this is how you use special effects .
it's almost as if it's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film .
there are problems with this film that even 3 oscar winners can't overcome , but it's a nice girl-buddy movie once it gets rock-n-rolling .
perceptive in its vision of nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form , but far too clunky , didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit for this movie .
apart from its own considerable achievement , metropolis confirms tezuka's status as both the primary visual influence on the animé tradition and its defining philosophical conscience .
priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal .
the trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness .
one senses in world traveler and in his earlier film that freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact .
spielberg is the rare director who does not want to invite viewers to gawk at or applaud his special effects . he just wants them to be part of the action , the wallpaper of his chosen reality . here , thankfully , they are .
miller is playing so free with emotions , and the fact that children are hostages to fortune , that he makes the audience hostage to his swaggering affectation of seriousness .
compellingly watchable .
a slick , well-oiled machine , exquisitely polished and upholstered .
boyd's screenplay ( co-written with guardian hack nick davies ) has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to guy ritchie than the bard of avon .
feels like six different movies fighting each other for attention .
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director george hickenlooper's approach to the material is too upbeat .
. . . too sappy for its own good .
a film made with as little wit , interest , and professionalism as artistically possible for a slummy hollywood caper flick .
no reason for anyone to invest their hard-earned bucks into a movie which obviously didn't invest much into itself either .
the film feels formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe .
a minor-league soccer remake of the longest yard .
meeting , even exceeding expectations , it's the best sequel since the empire strikes back . . . a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .
adam sandler ! in an art film !
the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent .
the vistas are sweeping and the acting is far from painful .
not everyone will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture , but few can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one .
angel presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale .
a superlative b movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing .
slight but enjoyable documentary .
director david jacobson gives dahmer a consideration that the murderer never game his victims .
shatner is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was .
from the choppy editing to the annoying score to 'special effects' by way of replacing objects in a character's hands below the camera line , " besotted " is misbegotten
you will emerge with a clearer view of how the gears of justice grind on and the death report comes to share airtime alongside the farm report .
at the film's centre is a precisely layered performance by an actor in his mid-seventies , michel piccoli .
it's tough to watch , but it's a fantastic movie .
haynes has so fanatically fetishized every bizarre old-movie idiosyncrasy with such monastic devotion you're not sure if you should applaud or look into having him committed .
it's a count for our times .
the art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack .
the humor is hinged on the belief that knees in the crotch , elbows in the face and spit in the eye are inherently funny .
the work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them . strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency .
it's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the son's room .
one sloughs one's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .
screenwriters scott abbott and michael petroni have turned rice's complex akasha into a cartoon monster .
a powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution .
creepy , authentic and dark . this disturbing bio-pic is hard to forget .
an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium .
a timid , soggy near miss .
birthday girl is an amusing joy ride , with some surprisingly violent moments .
fred schepisi's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen . with a cast of a-list brit actors , it is worth searching out .
whether kiss is a future cult classic or destined to be completely forgotten is open to question , but the risk-takers in the crowd should check it out and form their own opinion .
an ambitious movie that , like shiner's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that don't come off .
we know the plot's a little crazy , but it held my interest from start to finish .
tom green and an ivy league college should never appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .
brings together some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results .
this re-do is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that , ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against .
'a' for creativity but comes across more as a sketch for a full-length comedy .
you needn't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes' work . though haynes' style apes films from the period . . . its message is not rooted in that decade .
as inept as big-screen remakes of the avengers and the wild wild west .
stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall's intense freight train of a film .
no surprises .
the irony is that this film's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own .
deadeningly dull , mired in convoluted melodrama , nonsensical jargon and stiff-upper-lip laboriousness .
what the director can&#8217 ; t do is make either of val kilmer&#8217 ; s two personas interesting or worth caring about .
what lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks is its refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map .
ill-considered , unholy hokum .
a clever blend of fact and fiction .
no , i don't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
two hours of junk .
tadpole is a sophisticated , funny and good-natured treat , slight but a pleasure .
it must be the end of the world : the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring wesley snipes .
an empty shell of an epic rather than the real deal .
it's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter .
those who would follow haneke on his creepy explorations . . . are rewarded by brutal , committed performances from huppert and magimel .
like other great documentaries . . . this goes after one truth ( the ford administration's complicity in tearing 'orphans' from their mothers ) and stumbles upon others even more compelling .
the weight of water uses water as a metaphor for subconscious desire , but this leaky script barely stays afloat .
this humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie , is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that 'they don't make movies like they used to anymore . '
uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year .
glazed with a tawdry b-movie scum .
you can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away , and the execution of these twists is delivered with a hammer . thumbs down .
the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and bertrand tavernier's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( " laissez-passer " ) wears its heart on its sleeve .
film can't quite maintain its initial momentum , but remains sporadically funny throughout .
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading .
most consumers of lo mein and general tso's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it , so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
the video work is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being 'naturalistic' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it's exhausting to watch .
only for young children , if them . their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .
idiotic and ugly .
'like a child with an important message to tell . . . [skins'] faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty . '
rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along .
if you can read the subtitles ( the opera is sung in italian ) and you like 'masterpiece theatre' type costumes , you'll enjoy this movie .
it cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you .
there's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that's packed with just as much intelligence as action .
a wild ride with eight boarders from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival .
the central character isn't complex enough to hold our interest .
unfortunately , as a writer , mr . montias isn't nearly as good to his crew as he is as a director or actor .
i got a headache watching this meaningless downer .
a psychic journey deep into the very fabric of iranian . . . life .
the inherent strength of the material as well as the integrity of the filmmakers gives this coming-of-age story restraint as well as warmth .
although no pastry is violated , this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success .
a film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy .
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it's a work of enthralling drama .
soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , xxx achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence .
the volatile dynamics of female friendship is the subject of this unhurried , low-key film that is so off-hollywood that it seems positively french in its rhythms and resonance .
a dreadful day in irish history is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment .
bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly .
while not all transitions to adulthood are so fraught , there's much truth and no small amount of poetry in girls can't swim .
as broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
a sly dissection of the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties of artistic collaboration .
a provocative movie about loss , anger , greed , jealousy , sickness and love .
blessed with immense physical prowess he may well be , but ahola is simply not an actor . and in truth , cruel as it may sound , he makes arnold schwarzenegger look like spencer tracy .
sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours .
i found myself more appreciative of what the director was trying to do than of what he had actually done .
it's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil' bow wow .
definitely funny stuff , but it's more of the 'laughing at' variety than the 'laughing with . '
now trimmed by about 20 minutes , this lavish three-year-old production has enough grandeur and scale to satisfy as grown-up escapism .
its story may be a thousand years old , but why did it have to seem like it took another thousand to tell it to us ?
high crimes knows the mistakes that bad movies make and is determined not to make them , and maybe that is nobility of a sort .
davis the performer is plenty fetching enough , but she needs to shake up the mix , and work in something that doesn't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine .
aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash . stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by dustin hoffman that is revelatory .
with tightly organized efficiency , numerous flashbacks and a constant edge of tension , miller's film is one of 2002's involvingly adult surprises .
my thoughts were focused on the characters . that is a compliment to kuras and miller . if i had been thinking about the visual medium , they would have been doing something wrong .
the so-inept- it's-surreal dubbing ( featuring the voices of glenn close , regis philbin and breckin meyer ) brings back memories of cheesy old godzilla flicks .
bleakly funny , its characters all the more touching for refusing to pity or memorialize themselves .
lookin' for sin , american-style ? try hell house , which documents the cautionary christian spook-a-rama of the same name .
tom shadyac has learned a bit more craft since directing adams , but he still lingers over every point until the slowest viewer grasps it .
the town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial .
really is a pan-american movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart .
not everything in the film works , including its somewhat convenient ending .
the story and characters are nowhere near gripping enough .
has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital .
an uncomfortable experience , but one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from american cinema .
dignified ceo's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree . can you bear the laughter ?
a sly game of cat and mouse that's intense and thrilling at times , but occasionally stretches believability to its limits and relies on predictable plot contrivances .
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual .
it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it is .
the pianist is a fine valedictory work for polanski , made richer by his own experiences , making his other movies somehow richer in the bargain .
this isn't even madonna's swept away . this is her blue lagoon .
this cheery , down-to-earth film is warm with the cozy feeling of relaxing around old friends .
on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , the powerpuff girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience .
unfolds in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow .
large budget notwithstanding , the movie is such a blip on the year's radar screen that it's tempting just to go with it for the ride . but this time , the old mib label stands for milder isn't better .
a fun family movie that's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh , cry and realize , 'it's never too late to believe in your dreams . '
the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms . ambrose .
an unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it .
waydowntown is by no means a perfect film , but its boasts a huge charm factor and smacks of originality .
it's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline .
just a kiss is a just a waste .
there are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple doesn't mean you have to check your brain at the door . the same should go for movie theaters .
if this is satire , it's the smug and self-congratulatory kind that lets the audience completely off the hook .
pete's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish .
though there are entertaining and audacious moments , the movie's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker's flailing reputation .
it's so good that you can practically see the hollywood 'suits' trying to put together the cast and filmmaking team for the all-too -inevitable american remake .
dark and disturbing , but also surprisingly funny .
despite some charm and heart , this quirky soccer import is forgettable
banal and predictable .
does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character's story .
ararat feels like a book report
a straight-ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality .
nearly surreal , dabbling in french , this is no simple movie , and you'll be taking a risk if you choose to see it . i enjoyed the ride ( bumps and all ) , creamy depth , and ultimate theme .
unofficially , national lampoon's van wilder is son of animal house . officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny .
even if it made its original release date last fall , it would've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness .
fans of the modern day hong kong action film finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for .
and people make fun of me for liking showgirls</> .
it's the kind of movie that , aside from robert altman , spike lee , the coen brothers and a few others , our moviemakers don't make often enough .
what sets this romantic comedy apart from most hollywood romantic comedies is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material .
all comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad .
if you've ever entertained the notion of doing what the title of this film implies , what sex with strangers actually shows may put you off the idea forever .
gives an intriguing twist to the french coming-of-age genre .
you won't believe much of it , but you will laugh at the audacity , at the who's who casting and the sheer insanity of it all .
hatosy . . . portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue .
takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights .
clever but not especially compelling .
it's of the quality of a lesser harrison ford movie - six days , seven nights , maybe , or that dreadful sabrina remake .
the story really has no place to go since simone is not real—she can't provide any conflict .
it's young guns meets goodfellas in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs . -greaseballs mob action-comedy .
occasionally funny , always very colorful and enjoyably overblown in the traditional almodóvar style .
shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom .
it smacks of purely commercial motivation , with no great love for the original .
less about shakespeare than the spawn of fools who saw quentin tarantino's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations .
stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish . yep , it's " waking up in reno . " go back to sleep .
so bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy .
the only thing to fear about " fear dot com " is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .
so what is the point ? lovingly choreographed bloodshed taking place in a pristine movie neverland , basically .
there is greatness here .
moonlight mile gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things . it is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter .
if you can push on through the slow spots , you'll be rewarded with some fine acting .
the new film of anton chekhov's the cherry orchard puts the 'ick' in 'classic . '
[allen's] been making piffle for a long while , and hollywood ending may be his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now .
real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros .
if a big musical number like 'praise the lord , he's the god of second chances' doesn't put you off , this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .
dogtown & z-boys evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean .
even murphy's expert comic timing and famed charisma can't rescue this effort .
a carefully structured scream of consciousness that is tortured and unsettling--but unquestionably alive .
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and lan yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie .
while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out .
third time's the charm . . . yeah , baby !
the charm of revolution os is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers .
all the queen's men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers .
if there's one thing this world needs less of , it's movies about college that are written and directed by people who couldn't pass an entrance exam .
thoroughly enjoyable .
davis' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort .
how i killed my father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you're watching an iceberg melt -- only it never melts .
screenwriter chris ver weil's directing debut is good-natured and never dull , but its virtues are small and easily overshadowed by its predictability .
returning director rob minkoff . . . and screenwriter bruce joel rubin . . . have done a fine job of updating white's dry wit to a new age .
its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy .
the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it's really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia .
foster breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill .
kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities .
a miraculous movie , i'm going home is so slight , yet overflows with wisdom and emotion .
the movie has very little to offer besides unintentional laughs .
except as an acting exercise or an exceptionally dark joke , you wonder what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made .
it's fitfully funny but never really takes off .
offers laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through .
this is a terrific character study , a probe into the life of a complex man .
you'll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee's character didn't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .
john carlen's script is full of unhappy , two-dimensional characters who are anything but compelling .
like its predecessor , it's no classic , but it provides a reasonably attractive holiday contraption , one that families looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing should investigate .
a reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , spielberg knows how to tell us about people .
has a plot full of twists upon knots . . . and a nonstop parade of mock-tarantino scuzbag types that starts out clever but veers into overkill .
" the turntable is now outselling the electric guitar . . . "
i stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights .
jonah is only so-so . . . the addition of a biblical message will either improve the film for you , or it will lessen it .
inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening .
people cinema at its finest .
visually exciting sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay .
the screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children .
a rich tale of our times , very well told with an appropriate minimum of means .
a terrific date movie , whatever your orientation .
the script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters .
for every articulate player , such as skateboarder tony hawk or bmx rider mat hoffman , are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words " radical " or " suck " into a sentence .
rare birds has more than enough charm to make it memorable .
all too familiar . . . basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when 'angels with dirty faces' appeared in 1938 .
with a large cast representing a broad cross-section , tavernier's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of " his girl friday , " maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
one of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced .
" analyze that " is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .
even if you've seen " stomp " ( the stage show ) , you still have to see this !
there's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces .
the plot grinds on with yawn-provoking dullness .
the film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished .
slow , silly and unintentionally hilarious .
. . . a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs – sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh .
another useless recycling of a brutal mid-'70s american sports movie .
at the end of the movie , my 6-year-old nephew said , " i guess i come from a broken family , and my uncles are all aliens , too . " congrats disney on a job well done , i enjoyed it just as much !
'men in black ii creates a new threat for the mib , but recycles the same premise .
family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition&#133 ; whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance .
the film's plot may be shallow , but you've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots .
it's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama .
very psychoanalytical -- provocatively so -- and also refreshingly literary .
irwin is so earnest that it's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs . there are far worse messages to teach a young audience , which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy .
utter mush . . . conceited pap .
not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches .
highlights are the terrific performances by christopher plummer , as the prime villain , and nathan lane as vincent crummles , the eccentric theater company manager .
this remake gets all there is to get out of a peculiar premise with promise : al pacino loathing robin williams .
love liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit .
while the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed , the subject matter is so fascinating that you won't care .
an intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the affects of cultural and geographical displacement .
director dirk shafer and co-writer greg hinton ride the dubious divide where gay porn reaches for serious drama .
wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse .
" the mothman prophecies " is a difficult film to shake from your conscience when night falls .
jagger , stoppard and director michael apted . . . deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride .
some like it hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .
if anything , the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .
montias . . . pumps a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative and surrounds himself with a cast of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters .
nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives .
[fessenden] is much more into ambiguity and creating mood than he is for on screen thrills
disney has always been hit-or-miss when bringing beloved kids' books to the screen . . . tuck everlasting is a little of both .
it's a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding .
an effectively creepy , fear-inducing ( not fear-reducing ) film from japanese director hideo nakata , who takes the superstitious curse on chain letters and actually applies it .
a work of the utmost subtlety and perception , it marks the outstanding feature debut of writer-director eric byler , who understands the power of the implicit and the virtues of simplicity and economy .
it winds up moving in many directions as it searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say .
a mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it's the butt of its own joke .
the movie , like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .
fast , frantic and fun , but also soon forgotten
this story of unrequited love doesn't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour .
as a hybrid teen thriller and murder mystery , murder by numbers fits the profile too closely .
so putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .
the screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines .
together , miller , kuras and the actresses make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey .
the film exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken .
you might not buy the ideas . but you'll definitely want the t-shirt .
reggio falls victim to relying on the very digital technology that he fervently scorns , creating a meandering , inarticulate and ultimately disappointing film .
there is very little dread or apprehension , and though i like the creepy ideas , they are not executed with anything more than perfunctory skill .
it's fascinating to see how bettany and mcdowell play off each other .
whatever about warning kids about the dangers of ouija boards , someone should dispense the same advice to film directors .
one-of-a-kind near-masterpiece .
it's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence .
too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy , vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work .
worth seeing once , but its charm quickly fades .
although the editing might have been tighter , hush ! sympathetically captures the often futile lifestyle of young people in modern japan .
a compassionate , moving portrait of an american ( and an america ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp .
nothing in waking up in reno ever inspired me to think of its inhabitants as anything more than markers in a screenplay .
low comedy doesn't come much lower .
this piece of channel 5 grade trash is , quite frankly , an insult to the intelligence of the true genre enthusiast .
shiner can certainly go the distance , but isn't world championship material
though it was made with careful attention to detail and is well-acted by james spader and maggie gyllenhaal , i felt disrespected .
it helps that the central performers are experienced actors , and that they know their roles so well .
don't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you don't have kids borrow some .
the film tunes into a grief that could lead a man across centuries .
lyne's latest , the erotic thriller unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia's true emotions . . . but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking .
as if to prove a female director can make a movie with no soft edges , kathryn bigelow offers no sugar-coating or interludes of lightness . her film is unrelentingly claustrophobic and unpleasant .
the low-budget full frontal was one of the year's murkiest , intentionally obscure and self-indulgent pictures , and solaris is its big-budget brother .
in my own very humble opinion , in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works .
this latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone .
. . . a bland , pretentious mess .
those who managed to avoid the deconstructionist theorizing of french philosopher jacques derrida in college can now take an 85-minute brush-up course with the documentary derrida . or , you can do something fun tonight .
despite the pyrotechnics , narc is strictly by the book .
new ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is .
jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can , but all the bouncing back and forth can't help but become a bit tedious -- even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting .
bravo reveals the true intent of her film by carefully selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda .
wonder , hope and magic can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars
. . . ambition is in short supply in the cinema , and egoyan tackles his themes and explores his characters' crises with seriousness and compassion .
two generations within one family test boundaries in this intelligent and restrained coming-of-age drama .
. . . perhaps the heaviest , most joyless movie ever made about giant dragons taking over the world .
there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care .
it's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects .
it's no lie -- big fat liar is a real charmer .
snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like 'masterpiece' and 'triumph' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers' time with a gobbler like this .
catch it . . . if you can !
hey arnold ! the movie could have been made 40 years ago , and parents' appreciation of it may depend on whether they consider that a good thing .
what could have become just another cautionary fable is allowed to play out as a clever , charming tale – as pleasantly in its own way as its self-dramatizing characters .
rich in detail , gorgeously shot and beautifully acted , les destinees is , in its quiet , epic way , daring , inventive and refreshingly unusual .
a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist .
it makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film .
represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen .
the film's center will not hold .
brian tufano's handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowsky's excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special .
the message is that even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another .
diane lane's sophisticated performance can't rescue adrian lyne's unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing .
one of the oddest and most inexplicable sequels in movie history .
writer-director's mehta's effort has tons of charm and the whimsy is in the mixture , the intoxicating masala , of cultures and film genres .
it's hard to tell with all the crashing and banging where the salesmanship ends and the movie begins .
by-the-numbers yarn .
this story of a determined woman's courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments .
most of the problems with the film don't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved
twist open the ouzo ! it's time to let your hair down – greek style . a vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it , my big fat greek wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe .
in the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players .
el crimen del padre amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors .
rollerball is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine .
a family-friendly fantasy that ends up doing very little with its imaginative premise .
the tasteful little revision works wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story's morals .
windtalkers celebrates the human spirit and packs an emotional wallop .
it's all about anakin . . . and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect .
i'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year .
due to some script weaknesses and the casting of the director's brother , the film trails off into inconsequentiality .
behind the glitz , hollywood is sordid and disgusting . quelle surprise !
frida isn't that much different from many a hollywood romance . what sets it apart is the vision that taymor , the avant garde director of broadway's the lion king and the film titus , brings .
the performances are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief .
at its best , this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .
this overlong infomercial , due out on video before month's end , is tepid and tedious .
none of this violates the letter of behan's book , but missing is its spirit , its ribald , full-throated humor .
jolting into charleston rhythms , the story has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent ( accurate ? who cares ? ) .
like a tarantino movie with heart , alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .
sad nonsense , this . but not without cheesy fun factor .
lame , haphazard teen comedy .
it's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence .
there's an admirable rigor to jimmy's relentless anger , and to the script's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there's no place for this story to go but down .
more of the same old garbage hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .
humorous and heartfelt , douglas mcgrath's version of 'nicholas nickleby' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful . not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days .
deep down , i realized the harsh reality of my situation : i would leave the theater with a lower i . q . than when i had entered .
guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this : it's not scary in the slightest .
superbly photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen .
it's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best 'old neighborhood' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists .
adam sandler's eight crazy nights grows on you -- like a rash .
the only element of suspense is whether the movie will change titles or distributors again before the closing credits roll .
frailty isn't as gory or explicit . but in its child-centered , claustrophobic context , it can be just as frightening and disturbing -- even punishing .
the story , like life , refuses to be simple , and the result is a compelling slice of awkward emotions .
[lin chung's] voice is rather unexceptional , even irritating ( at least to this western ear ) , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters .
murderous maids may well be the most comprehensive of these films and also strike closest to the truth .
the effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it's hardly watchable .
k-19 : the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining .
one of the best movies of the year .
aggravating and tedious .
pretentious editing ruins a potentially terrific flick .
jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness .
i can't remember the last time i saw a movie where i wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail .
a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood .
moretti's compelling anatomy of grief and the difficult process of adapting to loss .
check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you don't want to think too much about what's going on . the movie does has some entertainment value - how much depends on how well you like chris rock .
. . . a cute and sometimes side-splittingly funny blend of legally blonde and drop dead gorgeous , starring piper perabo in what could be her breakthrough role .
a rigorously structured and exquisitely filmed drama about a father and son connection that is a brief shooting star of love .
smart and taut .
supposedly authentic account of a historical event that's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment .
an impressive debut for first-time writer-director mark romanek , especially considering his background is in music video .
it's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage .
with lines that feel like long soliloquies -- even as they are being framed in conversation -- max is static , stilted .
a shambles of a movie--visually unattractive , unbearably loud and utterly silly . . . its hilarity is completely unintentional .
remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ? when the twist endings were actually surprising ? when the violence actually shocked ? when the heroes were actually under 40 ? sadly , as blood work proves , that was a long , long time ago .
. . . plays like somebody spliced random moments of a chris rock routine into what is otherwise a cliche-riddled but self-serious spy thriller .
the best revenge may just be living well because this film , unlike other dumas adaptations , is far more likened to a treasure than a lengthy jail sentence .
accuracy and realism are terrific , but if your film becomes boring , and your dialogue isn't smart , then you need to use more poetic license .
there's an audience for it , but it could have been funnier and more innocent .
a pleasant enough comedy that should have found a summer place .
a subtle and well-crafted ( for the most part ) chiller .
the powder blues and sun-splashed whites of tunis make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs .
allen's funniest and most likeable movie in years .
while certainly more naturalistic than its australian counterpart , amari's film falls short in building the drama of lilia's journey .
yeah , these flicks are just that damn good . isn't it great ?
it's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .
the movie makes absolutely no sense . its underlying mythology is a hodgepodge of inconsistencies that pose the question : since when did dumb entertainment have to be this dumb ?
this is not chabrol's best , but even his lesser works outshine the best some directors can offer .
leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances .
this time kaufman's imagination has failed him .
the film's greatest asset is how much it's not just another connect-the-dots , spy-on-the-run picture .
" frailty " has been written so well , that even a simple " goddammit ! " near the end takes on a whole other meaning .
it is inspirational in characterizing how people from such diverse cultures share the same human and spiritual needs .
majidi's direction has never been smoother or more confident .
a compelling film .
witless and utterly pointless .
something must have been lost in the translation .
a compelling allegory about the last days of germany's democratic weimar republic .
. . . generically , forgettably pleasant from start to finish .
feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form .
zhang . . . has done an amazing job of getting realistic performances from his mainly nonprofessional cast .
there's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing .
the film's highlight is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations .
the best you can say about it is it's so uninspired , it barely gives one pause when considering some of the other dreck out there right now .
the members manage to pronounce kok exactly as you think they might , thus giving the cast ample opportunity to use that term as often as possible . it's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle .
spider-man is in the same category as x-men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average , showing signs of potential for the sequels , but not giving us much this time around .
so many documentaries like this presuppose religious bigotry or zealous nuttiness of its antagonists , but family fundamentals displays a rare gift for unflinching impartiality .
a better title , for all concerned , might be swept under the rug .
director juan jose campanella could have turned this into an argentine retread of " iris " or " american beauty , " but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .
set in a 1986 harlem that doesn't look much like anywhere in new york .
delivers the same old same old , tarted up with latin flava and turned out by hollywood playas .
in a summer of clones , harvard man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .
muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they don't have , and how this gets us in trouble . but even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic .
i'm not saying that ice age doesn't have some fairly pretty pictures , but there's not enough substance in the story to actually give them life .
imagine a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s .
klein , charming in comedies like american pie and dead-on in election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed .
the inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid .
just an average comedic dateflick but not a waste of time .
a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera .
the best thing i can say about this film is that i can't wait to see what the director does next .
this isn't a stand up and cheer flick ; it's a sit down and ponder affair . and thanks to kline's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .
a small movie with a big heart .
in a strange way , egoyan has done too much . he's worked too hard on this movie .
it's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .
really dumb but occasionally really funny .
the movie understands like few others how the depth and breadth of emotional intimacy give the physical act all of its meaning and most of its pleasure .
a film in a class with spike lee's masterful do the right thing .
deserving of its critical backlash and more .
costner's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier .
an impressive hybrid .
given how heavy-handed and portent-heavy it is , this could be the worst thing soderbergh has ever done .
while the resident evil games may have set new standards for thrills , suspense , and gore for video games , the movie really only succeeds in the third of these .
gay or straight , kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .
it's hard to imagine alan arkin being better than he is in this performance .
one of the smarter offerings the horror genre has produced in recent memory , even if it's far tamer than advertised .
the techno tux is good for a few laughs , as are chan and hewitt , but when such a good design turns out to be a cheap knockoff , we can't recommend anything but a rental for the tuxedo .
an impressive if flawed effort that indicates real talent .
a startling and fresh examination of how the bike still remains an ambiguous icon in chinese society .
" sorority boys " was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad .
see it now , before the inevitable hollywood remake flattens out all its odd , intriguing wrinkles .
when it's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama , " real women have curves " is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
boisterous , heartfelt comedy .
grant carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect .
proves a servicable world war ii drama that can't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored .
. . . a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job . . .
witless but watchable .
well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious .
reyes' directorial debut has good things to offer , but ultimately it's undone by a sloppy script
[haynes'] homage to such films as " all that heaven allows " and " imitation of life " transcends them . simply put , " far from heaven " is a masterpiece .
seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director's experiment is a successful one .
this heist flick about young brooklyn hoods is off the shelf after two years to capitalize on the popularity of vin diesel , seth green and barry pepper . it should have stayed there .
piercingly affecting . . . while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying .
just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movies this summer .
director roger michell does so many of the little things right that it's difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff .
muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for kevin costner .
a very long movie , dull in stretches , with entirely too much focus on meal preparation and igloo construction .
. . . gripping and handsome execution , ( but ) there isn't much about k-19 that's unique or memorable .
there's something unintentionally comic in the film's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties .
forgettable , if good-hearted , movie .
it's a very sincere work , but it would be better as a diary or documentary .
a . . . cynical and serious look at teenage boys doing what they do best - being teenagers .
the new guy does have a heart . now , if it only had a brain .
it's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters .
the big ending surprise almost saves the movie . it's too bad that the rest isn't more compelling .
the film feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority .
the stupidest , most insulting movie of 2002's first quarter .
even when foreign directors . . . borrow stuff from hollywood , they invariably shake up the formula and make it more interesting .
it's an 88-minute highlight reel that's 86 minutes too long .
it stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie . their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it's just a weird fizzle .
none of these characters resembles anyone you've ever met in real life , unless you happen to know annoyingly self-involved people who speak in glib sentences that could have only come from the pen of a screenwriter .
richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but lawrence gives us mostly fool's gold .
if you're content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director's life , eisenstein delivers .
norton holds the film together .
disney's live-action division has a history of releasing cinematic flotsam , but this is one occasion when they have unearthed a rare gem .
your appreciation of it will depend on what experiences you bring to it and what associations you choose to make .
assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation .
sheridan . . . smoothes over sources of conflict that could have lent the film a bit more depth .
not a cheap slasher flick , as the subject matter would suggest , but is a little like a nature film , showing a patient predator and his foolish prey .
kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter ) .
a pleasant ramble through the sort of idoosyncratic terrain that errol morris has often dealt with . . . it does possess a loose , lackadaisical charm .
sunshine state lacks the kind of dynamic that limbo offers , and in some ways is a rather indulgent piece .
very predictable but still entertaining
originality is sorely lacking .
gooding offers a desperately ingratiating performance .
wiseman reveals the victims of domestic abuse in all of their pity and terror .
silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who can't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another .
teen movies have really hit the skids .
surprisingly powerful and universal .
the story . . . is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is . it is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band .
abysmally pathetic
the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched .
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based 'drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged .
as spent screen series go , star trek : nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up -- and there's nothing to drink .
simply a re-hash of the other seven films .
'god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves . '
far too clever by half , howard's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .
each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness , but thirteen conversations about one thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments .
the story may not be new , but australian director john polson , making his american feature debut , jazzes it up adroitly .
the film's almost unbearable portrait of sadness and grief transcends its specific story to speak to the ways in which need , history and presumption tangle , and sometimes destroy , blood ties .
. . . overly melodramatic . . .
a cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .
one of those movies where you walk out of the theater not feeling cheated exactly , but feeling pandered to , which , in the end , might be all the more infuriating .
every nanosecond of the the new guy reminds you that you could be doing something else far more pleasurable . something like scrubbing the toilet . or emptying rat traps . or doing last year's taxes with your ex-wife .
only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley's flopping dolphin-gasm .
chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly .
adrift , bentley and hudson stare and sniffle , respectively , as ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design .
it reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death .
much smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be .
a flawed but engrossing thriller .
sunshine state surveys the landscape and assesses the issues with a clear passion for sociology . but the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .
stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish , dumb fart jokes .
this is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .
one of the worst movies of the year . . . . watching it was painful .
schaeffer isn't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does .
a compelling portrait of moral emptiness
like leon , it's frustrating and still oddly likable .
in the end , we are left with something like two ships passing in the night rather than any insights into gay love , chinese society or the price one pays for being dishonest .
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government/ marine/legal mystery , and that's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue .
enough similarities to gymkata and howie long's firestorm that my fingernails instinctively crawled towards my long-suffering eyeballs .
here , adrian lyne comes as close to profundity as he is likely to get .
es divertida , visualmente espectacular y muy entretenida . simple y sencillamente te sorprenderá .
this isn't just the cliffsnotes version of nicholas nickleby , it's the cliffsnotes with pages missing .
while it has definite weaknesses -- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight .
the animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication .
the action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises .
one of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the french film industry in years .
vile and tacky are the two best adjectives to describe ghost ship .
it offers a glimpse of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them .
i won't argue with anyone who calls 'slackers' dumb , insulting , or childish . . . but i laughed so much that i didn't mind .
an entertaining british hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance .
sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness run through its otherwise comic narrative .
this is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography .
has a shambling charm . . . a cheerfully inconsequential diversion .
though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .
evokes a palpable sense of disconnection , made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones .
bean drops the ball too many times . . . hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay .
the bottom line is the piece works brilliantly .
it all looks and plays like a $40 million version of a game you're more likely to enjoy on a computer .
a deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession – one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom .
the movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course .
an uneven but intriguing drama that is part homage and part remake of the italian masterpiece .
spielberg's first real masterpiece , it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later .
art-house to the core , read my lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema .
the early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us . this is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one . it's sort of in-between , and it works .
the reason we keep seeing the same movie with roughly the same people every year is because so many of us keep going and then , out of embarrassment or stupidity , not warning anyone .
it's not a bad plot ; but , unfortunately , the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from .
. . . " bowling for columbine " remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film . . .
if routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $8 and get ready for the big shear . this is one baaaaaaaaad movie .
a quietly moving look back at what it was to be iranian-american in 1979 .
enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse .
everywhere the camera looks there is something worth seeing .
its vision of that awkward age when sex threatens to overwhelm everything else is acute enough to make everyone who has been there squirm with recognition .
an incendiary , deeply thought-provoking look at one of the most peculiar ( and peculiarly venomous ) bigotries in our increasingly frightening theocracy
cusack's just brilliant in this .
an inventive , absorbing movie that's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist .
it's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible .
comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire .
not only are the film's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this 'we're -doing-it-for -the-cash' sequel were .
divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood may not be exactly divine , but it's definitely -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances .
so-so entertainment .
no screen fantasy-adventure in recent memory has the showmanship of clones' last 45 minutes .
the fly-on-the-wall method used to document rural french school life is a refreshing departure from the now more prevalent technique of the docu-makers being a visible part of their work .
one thing you have to give them credit for : the message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company's previous video work .
this little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it can't really be called animation .
if your senses haven't been dulled by slasher films and gorefests , if you're a connoisseur of psychological horror , this is your ticket .
ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ?
i think it was plato who said , 'i think , therefore i know better than to rush to the theatre for this one . '
while [hill] has learned new tricks , the tricks alone are not enough to salvage this lifeless boxing film .
fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them , rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .
the band's courage in the face of official repression is inspiring , especially for aging hippies ( this one included ) .
a film that suffers because of its many excesses .
neither funny nor suspenseful nor particularly well-drawn .
michel piccoli's moving performance is this films reason for being .
skip work to see it at the first opportunity .
sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they'd need a shower .
characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle .
. . . as the story congeals you feel the pieces of the star wars saga falling into place in a way that makes your spine tingle with revelation and excitement .
it's hard to fairly judge a film like ringu when you've seen the remake first . many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity , [yet] are worthwhile .
darkly funny and frequently insightful .
a somewhat crudely constructed but gripping , questing look at a person so racked with self-loathing , he becomes an enemy to his own race .
it's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring .
it is great summer fun to watch arnold and his buddy gerald bounce off a quirky cast of characters .
it's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled .
ub equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of 'black culture' and the dorkier aspects of 'white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are .
they kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who haven't read the book .
'you'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half , but come out feeling strangely unsatisfied . you'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter . . . '
a very familiar tale , one that's been told by countless filmmakers about italian- , chinese- , irish- , latin- , indian- , russian- and other hyphenate american young men struggling to balance conflicting cultural messages .
it has a subtle way of getting under your skin and sticking with you long after it's over .
you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy's holes , and the scripters don't deserve any oscars . but the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment .
one groan-inducing familiarity begets another .
. . . begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot .
those with an interest in new or singular sorts of film experiences will find what time is it there ? well worth the time .
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain .
your stomach for heaven depends largely on your appetite for canned corn .
it follows the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes .
even before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia , it's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .
. . . the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy .
the intent is almost exactly the same [as the full monty] . all that's missing is the spontaneity , originality and delight .
for veggietales fans , this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus . if you're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts .
colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical . . . the rare sequel that's better than its predecessor .
it's exactly the kind of movie toback's detractors always accuse him of making .
seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof .
a charming , banter-filled comedy . . . one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface .
in death to smoochy , we don't get williams' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .
there's a reason the studio didn't offer an advance screening . " the adventures of pluto nash " is a big time stinker .
we admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies .
it's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive .
the first hour is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie .
before long , the film starts playing like general hospital crossed with a saturday night live spoof of dog day afternoon .
the entire cast is first-rate , especially sorvino .
it's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , couldn't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ‘em together here .
the word that comes to mind , while watching eric rohmer's tribute to a courageous scottish lady , is painterly .
thoughtful , provocative and entertaining .
this is a heartfelt story . . . it just isn't a very involving one .
the culmination of everyone's efforts is given life when a selection appears in its final form [in " last dance " ] .
vividly conveys the shadow side of the 30-year friendship between two english women .
if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you aren't very bright , then blood work is for you .
the title , alone , should scare any sane person away .
alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie . . . tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life .
the climactic events are so well realized that you may forget all about the original conflict , just like the movie does
showtime's starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment . those who trek to the 'plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves . but ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr . de niro .
michael gerbosi's script is economically packed with telling scenes .
it's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise .
director boris von sychowski instead opts for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through .
ramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling .
at heart the movie is a deftly wrought suspense yarn whose richer shadings work as coloring rather than substance .
imagine the cleanflicks version of 'love story , ' with ali macgraw's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes .
it's a glorious spectacle like those d . w . griffith made in the early days of silent film .
writer-director juan carlos fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured .
this horror-comedy doesn't go for the usual obvious laughs at the expense of cheap-looking monsters -- unless you count elvira's hooters .
even if invincible is not quite the career peak that the pianist is for roman polanski , it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
not as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted .
captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head .
a solidly seaworthy chiller .
how i killed my father would be a rarity in hollywood . it's an actor's showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters -- including the supporting ones .
a thriller without a lot of thrills .
every note rings false .
eight legged freaks ? no big hairy deal .
once again , director chris columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
there's absolutely no reason why blue crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is
may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting .
often hilarious .
an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as katzenberg's the prince of egypt from 1998 .
it is an indelible epic american story about two families , one black and one white , facing change in both their inner and outer lives .
a love for films shines through each frame and the era is recreated with obvious affection , scored to perfection with some tasty boogaloo beats .
nettelbeck . . . has a pleasing way with a metaphor .
the ethos of the chelsea hotel may shape hawke's artistic aspirations , but he hasn't yet coordinated his own dv poetry with the beat he hears in his soul .
a woozy , roisterous , exhausting mess , and the off-beat casting of its two leads turns out to be as ill-starred as you might expect .
intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery .
it would work much better as a one-hour tv documentary .
about one in three gags in white's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook .
the plot plummets into a comedy graveyard before janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel .
the footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with suge knight are just two of the elements that will grab you .
writer-director ritchie reduces wertmuller's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon .
elvira fans could hardly ask for more .
there is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time .
a sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer .
no new plot conceptions or environmental changes , just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through .
in a 102-minute film , aaliyah gets at most 20 minutes of screen time . . . . most viewers will wish there had been more of the " queen " and less of the " damned . "
several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in " unfaithful . " why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me .
the inspirational screenplay by mike rich covers a lot of ground , perhaps too much , but ties things together , neatly , by the end .
though it's equally solipsistic in tone , the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans' saga of hollywood excess .
its screenplay serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure .
lauren ambrose comes alive under the attention from two strangers in town - with honest performances and realistic interaction between the characters , this is a coming-of-age story with a twist .
fulford-wierzbicki . . . deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen .
when a movie has stuck around for this long , you know there's something there . it's that good .
perry's good and his is an interesting character , but " serving sara " hasn't much more to serve than silly fluff . nor is it a romantic comedy .
director rob marshall went out gunning to make a great one .
" what john does is heroic , but we don't condone it , " one of the film's stars recently said , a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture's moral schizophrenia .
in its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film .
elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .
it's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series .
simple , poignant and leavened with humor , it's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .
just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years .
totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are the greatest musicians of all time .
the kind of trifle that date nights were invented for .
. . . the plot weaves us into a complex web .
mendes still doesn't quite know how to fill a frame . like the hanks character , he's a slow study : the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed .
the script manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar .
although sensitive to a fault , it's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .
plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .
while this film has an 'a' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love .
a dull , dumb and derivative horror film .
mordantly funny and intimately knowing . . .
this time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it's still a rollicking good time for the most part .
the pleasure of read my lips is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string . we're drawn in by the dark luster .
degenerates into hogwash .
parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material , but his determination to remain true to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone . . . that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story's core .
. . . too dull to enjoy .
some actors have so much charisma that you'd be happy to listen to them reading the phone book . hugh grant and sandra bullock are two such likeable actors .
majidi gets uniformly engaging performances from his largely amateur cast .
playfully profound . . . and crazier than michael jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery surrounded by open windows .
combines improbable melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end , we are undeniably touched .
schütte's dramatic snapshot of the artist three days before his death offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close .
there's a lot of good material here , but there's also a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it .
emerges as something rare , an issue movie that's so honest and keenly observed that it doesn't feel like one .
please , someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film .
all three women deliver remarkable performances .
in its dry and forceful way , it delivers the same message as jiri menzel's closely watched trains and danis tanovic's no man's land .
so faithful to the doldrums of the not-quite-urban , not-quite-suburban milieu as to have viewers recoiling from the reality check .
mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .
a charming but slight comedy .
on its icy face , the new film is a subzero version of monsters , inc . , without the latter's imagination , visual charm or texture .
steven soderbergh's digital video experiment is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life .
friday after next is a lot more bluster than bite .
the grey zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of holocaust movies . . . but the film suffers from its own difficulties .
an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see .
an emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema .
though ganesh is successful in a midlevel sort of way , there's nothing so striking or fascinating or metaphorically significant about his career as to rate two hours of our attention .
the sweetest thing leaves a bitter taste .
a road trip that will get you thinking , 'are we there yet ? '
moonlight mile doesn't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy .
it suggests the wide-ranging effects of media manipulation , from the kind of reporting that is done by the supposedly liberal media . . . to the intimate and ultimately tragic heartache of maverick individuals like hatfield and hicks .
another in a long line of ultra-violent war movies , this one is not quite what it could have been as a film , but the story and theme make up for it .
dogtown and z-boys more than exposes the roots of the skateboarding boom that would become " the punk kids' revolution . "
green ruins every single scene he's in , and the film , while it's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that .
this overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary . hmmm…might i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ?
audiences can be expected to suspend their disbelief only so far -- and that does not include the 5 o'clock shadow on the tall wooden kid as he skips off to school .
preposterous and tedious , sonny is spiked with unintentional laughter that , unfortunately , occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure .
expect to be reminded of other , better films , especially seven , which director william malone slavishly copies .
reggio's trippy , ambitious downer can also sometimes come across like nothing more than a glorified nike ad .
the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced . . . it's a pity that [nelson's] achievement doesn't match his ambition .
while hoffman's performance is great , the subject matter goes nowhere .
sit through this one , and you won't need a magic watch to stop time ; your dvd player will do it for you .
this charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed .
you might say tykwer has done all that heaven allows , if you wanted to make as anti-kieslowski a pun as possible . suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled .
the level of acting elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we've long associated with washington the actor .
like the original , this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen's astringent wit .
there is not an ounce of honesty in the entire production .
for all its highfalutin title and corkscrew narrative , the movie turns out to be not much more than a shaggy human tale .
cute , funny , heartwarming digitally animated feature film with plenty of slapstick humor for the kids , lots of in-jokes for the adults and heart enough for everyone .
windtalkers blows this way and that , but there's no mistaking the filmmaker in the tall grass , true to himself .
got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2-hour , dissipated length .
it's not particularly subtle . . . however , it still manages to build to a terrifying , if obvious , conclusion .
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest 'tron' anderson , seems entirely improvised .
under-rehearsed and lifeless
here's yet another studio horror franchise mucking up its storyline with glitches casual fans could correct in their sleep . but taken as a stylish and energetic one-shot , the queen of the damned cannot be said to suck .
. . . is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .
the performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .
it moves quickly , adroitly , and without fuss ; it doesn't give you time to reflect on the inanity -- and the cold war datedness -- of its premise .
if there's a way to effectively teach kids about the dangers of drugs , i think it's in projects like the ( unfortunately r-rated ) paid .
it ultimately stands forth as an important chronicle of the abuses of one of latin america's most oppressive regimes .
" brown sugar " admirably aspires to be more than another " best man " clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .
the movie has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood , and it's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions .
the sweetest thing leaves an awful sour taste .
campbell scott finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson .
bad company has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who aren't looking for them .
buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled mr . chips off the old block .
contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin .
amazingly dopey .
daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails .
a distant , even sterile , yet compulsively watchable look at the sordid life of hogan's heroes star bob crane .
with the exception of some fleetingly amusing improvisations by cedric the entertainer as perry's boss , there isn't a redeeming moment here .
i wonder what the reaction of israelis will be to this supposedly evenhanded presentation .
it's been made with an innocent yet fervid conviction that our hollywood has all but lost .
hit and miss as far as the comedy goes and a big ole' miss in the way of story .
it's one of the most honest films ever made about hollywood .
woody allen's latest is an ambling , broad comedy about all there is to love -- and hate -- about the movie biz .
both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics .
dreary , highly annoying . . . 'some body' will appeal to no one .
there are more shots of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film . it's makes a better travelogue than movie .
presents an astute appraisal of middle american musical torpor and the desperate struggle to escape it .
a movie that's just plain awful but still manages to entertain on a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it's-funny level .
just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite .
when your subject is illusion versus reality , shouldn't the reality seem at least passably real ?
the problem with concept films is that if the concept is a poor one , there's no saving the movie . sorry , charlie
the modern master of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases
so purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it's a fairly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies such as father of the bride .
ultimate x is a ride , basically the kind of greatest-hits reel that might come with a subscription to espn the magazine .
it's a deeply serious movie that cares passionately about its subject , but too often becomes ponderous in its teaching of history , or lost in the intricate connections and multiple timelines of its story .
a welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic , this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .
a violent initiation rite for the audience , as much as it is for angelique , the [opening] dance guarantees karmen's enthronement among the cinema's memorable women .
o ótimo esforço do diretor acaba sendo frustrado pelo roteiro , que , depois de levar um bom tempo para colocar a trama em andamento , perde-se de vez a partir do instante em que os estranhos acontecimentos são explicados .
harsh , effective documentary on life in the israeli-occupied palestinian territories .
a lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe .
the truth about charlie is that it's a brazenly misguided project .
the talk-heavy film plays like one of robert altman's lesser works .
fans of nijinsky will savor every minute of cox's work .
though howard demonstrates a great eye as a director , this southern gothic drama is sadly a tough sit , with an undeveloped narrative and enough flashbacks and heavy-handed metaphors to choke a horse -- or at least slow him down to a canter .
'de niro . . . is a veritable source of sincere passion that this hollywood contrivance orbits around . '
what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or mel brooks ( at least during their '70s heyday ) comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature .
a crisply made movie that is no more than mildly amusing .
bearable . barely .
one long string of cliches .
however clever nelson has been in providing variation within the confines of her structure and staging , the question remains whether this should , indeed , have been presented as a theatrical release .
the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence . . . lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm .
it's crap on a leash--far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante's similarly styled gremlins .
it gets old quickly . watch barbershop again if you're in need of a cube fix--this isn't worth sitting through .
as the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , [franco] has all of dean's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability .
bears is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be .
one thing's for sure—if george romero had directed this movie , it wouldn't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .
nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin .
the film is surprisingly well-directed by brett ratner , who keeps things moving well -- at least until the problematic third act .
a spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged .
a era do gelo diverte , mas não convence . É um passatempo descompromissado – e só .
in the director's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
i'm sure there's a teenage boy out there somewhere who's dying for this kind of entertainment .
for single digits kidlets stuart little 2 is still a no brainer . if you're looking to rekindle the magic of the first film , you'll need a stronger stomach than us .
grant isn't cary and bullock isn't katherine .
barney throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull .
the hook is the drama within the drama , as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight .
the film delivers what it promises : a look at the " wild ride " that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans .
lazily directed by charles stone iii . . . from a leaden script by matthew cirulnick and novelist thulani davis .
yes , i suppose it's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so i didn't .
eight crazy nights is a showcase for sandler's many talents .
griffiths proves she's that rare luminary who continually raises the standard of her profession .
its over-reliance on genre conventions , character types and formulaic conflict resolutions crushes all the goodwill it otherwise develops .
it's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart .
everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting .
best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events . those seeking a definitive account of eisenstein's life would do better elsewhere .
reeboir varies between a sweet smile and an angry bark , while said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition . it has no affect on the kurds , but it wore me down .
a visionary marvel , but it's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this .
although life or something like it is very much in the mold of feel-good movies , the cast and director stephen herek's polished direction pour delightfully piquant wine from aged bottles .
what eric schaeffer has accomplished with never again may not , strictly speaking , qualify as revolutionary . but it's defiantly and delightfully against the grain .
the umpteenth summer skinny dip in jerry bruckheimer's putrid pond of retread action twaddle .
does anyone much think the central story of brendan behan is that he was a bisexual sweetheart before he took to drink ?
it's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain .
there are some wonderfully fresh moments that smooth the moral stiffness with human kindness and hopefulness .
nothing is sacred in this gut-buster .
a comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life .
if welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two , he probably wouldn't be too crazy with his great-grandson's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .
feels familiar and tired .
one of those strained caper movies that's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends .
a terrifically entertaining specimen of spielbergian sci-fi .
one of those energetic surprises , an original that pleases almost everyone who sees it .
all leather pants & augmented boobs , hawn is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon .
as the story moves inexorably through its seven day timeframe , the picture becomes increasingly mesmerizing .
like all great films about a life you never knew existed , it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .
there's something fundamental missing from this story : something or someone to care about .
thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic .
. . . grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces .
it's got all the familiar bruckheimer elements , and schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas .
might be one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people .
if the real-life story is genuinely inspirational , the movie stirs us as well .
literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds .
very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .
it's not exactly worth the bucks to expend the full price for a date , but when it comes out on video , it's well worth a rental .
the overall feel of the film is pretty cheesy , but there's still a real sense that the star trek tradition has been honored as best it can , given the embarrassing script and weak direction .
a different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know .
even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm .
bartlett's hero remains a reactive cipher , when opening the man's head and heart is the only imaginable reason for the film to be made .
an ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental .
holy mad maniac in a mask , splat-man ! good old-fashioned slash-and-hack is back !
it jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier .
broder's screenplay is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs .
ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok .
showtime is one of the hapless victims of the arrogant " if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns , the movie will be funny " syndrome .
aspires for the piquant but only really achieves a sort of ridiculous sourness .
adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of orlean's themes without being a true adaptation of her book .
there is nothing funny in this every-joke-has- been-told-a- thousand-times- before movie .
there's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie .
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws igby goes down may possess , it is undeniably that .
a soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties .
only an epic documentary could get it all down , and spike lee's jim brown : all american at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents .
illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller .
earnest and tentative even when it aims to shock .
if you adored the full monty so resoundingly that you're dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting , then this should keep you reasonably entertained .
for the most part , the film does hold up pretty well .
the stripped-down approach does give the film a certain timeless quality , but the measured pace and lack of dramatic inflection can also seem tedious .
contrasting the original ringu with the current americanized adaptation is akin to comparing the evil dead with evil dead ii
what ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits .
the imax screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation .
the overall effect is so completely inane that one would have to be mighty bored to even think of staying with this for more than , say , ten . . . make that three minutes .
it's a charming and often affecting journey .
the story is virtually impossible to follow here , but there's a certain style and wit to the dialogue .
the vintage is pure '87 , with a halfhearted twist on its cautionary message : fatal attraction = don't have an affair with a nutjob ; unfaithful = don't if you're married to one .
no matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus , accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way .
the good is very , very good . . . the rest runs from mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful .
this submarine drama earns the right to be favorably compared to das boot .
to the filmmakers , ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there's no indication that he's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit .
an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy .
there's something auspicious , and daring , too , about the artistic instinct that pushes a majority-oriented director like steven spielberg to follow a . i . with this challenging report so liable to unnerve the majority .
a generation x artifact , capturing a brief era of insanity in the sports arena that surely cannot last .
splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity .
if this movie belonged to a sorority , it would be called beta alpha delta .
charming , if overly complicated . . .
shaky close-ups of turkey-on-rolls , stubbly chins , liver spots , red noses and the filmmakers new bobbed do draw easy chuckles but lead nowhere .
a standard haunted house tale transplanted to the high seas .
highly recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it .
a sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , really isn't .
mark pellington's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth .
show me the mugging .
a conventional but heartwarming tale .
normally , rohmer's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable .
directing with a sure and measured hand , [haneke] steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .
it's nice to see piscopo again after all these years , and chaykin and headly are priceless .
how many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ?
the script ? please .
instead of hiding pinocchio from critics , miramax should have hidden it from everyone .
the unceasing sadism is so graphically excessive , the director just ends up exposing his own obsession .
despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining .
'the film is stark , straightforward and deadly . . . an unnatural calm that's occasionally shaken by . . . blasts of rage , and later , violent jealousy . '
it has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you . . .
yakusho and shimizu . . . create engaging characterizations in imamura's lively and enjoyable cultural mix .
fred schepisi's tale of four englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point .
fairly successful at faking some pretty cool stunts but a complete failure at trying to create some pretty cool characters . and forget about any attempt at a plot !
it is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment .
hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining .
claude chabrol's camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .
there's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever .
the film is one of the year's best .
a movie just for friday fans , critics be damned . if you already like this sort of thing , this is that sort of thing all over again .
violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining .
i was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .
it appears that something has been lost in the translation to the screen .
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon , but showtime's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks .
why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ? there's no good answer to that one .
" . . . something appears to have been lost in the translation this time . the importance of being earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . "
an uplifting drama . . . what antwone fisher isn't , however , is original .
k-19 : the widowmaker is a great yarn .
a fiercely clever and subtle film , capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries .
that rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film .
like mike isn't interested in recycling old cliches . it wants to tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor .
there are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it's going to be a trip . igby goes down is one of those movies .
the talented and clever robert rodriguez perhaps put a little too much heart into his first film and didn't reserve enough for his second .
a gift to anyone who loves both dance and cinema
the movie is a blast of educational energy , as bouncy animation and catchy songs escort you through the entire 85 minutes .
crummy
both garcia and jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny .
there is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .
the thing looks like a made-for-home-video quickie .
if this is the resurrection of the halloween franchise , it would have been better off dead .
muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious .
one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart .
it just may inspire a few younger moviegoers to read stevenson's book , which is a treasure in and of itself .
a refreshingly honest and ultimately touching tale of the sort of people usually ignored in contemporary american film . search it out .
the picture's fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed .
. . . expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape .
though lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency , the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude .
as animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool , this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .
often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers .
flotsam in the sea of moviemaking , not big enough for us to worry about it causing significant harm and not smelly enough to bother despising .
circuit queens won't learn a thing , they'll be too busy cursing the film's strategically placed white sheets .
it's so laddish and juvenile , only teenage boys could possibly find it funny .
an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular .
i have to admit i walked out of runteldat . i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .
if no one singles out any of these performances as award-worthy , it's only because we would expect nothing less from this bunch .
could have been crisper and punchier , but it's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies .
this is what imax was made for : strap on a pair of 3-d goggles , shut out the real world , and take a vicarious voyage to the last frontier -- space .
a small gem from belgium .
though tom shadyac's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .
the inhospitability of the land emphasizes the spare precision of the narratives and helps to give them an atavistic power , as if they were tales that had been handed down since the beginning of time .
you emerge dazed , confused as to whether you've seen pornography or documentary .
the film's implicit premise is that the faith of the tonga people is in every way inferior to that of john .
static , repetitive , muddy and blurry , hey arnold ! would seem to have a lock on the title of ugliest movie of the year .
the script is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors .
de niro may enjoy the same free ride from critics afforded to clint eastwood in the lazy bloodwork . but like bruce springsteen's gone-to-pot asbury park , new jersey , this sad-sack waste of a movie is a city of ruins .
despite its visual virtuosity , 'naqoyqatsi' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .
byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle . instead , he focuses on the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground .
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli . . . ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up .
as crimes go , writer-director michael kalesniko's how to kill your neighbor's dog is slight but unendurable .
rarely , a movie is more than a movie . go .
the makers have forsaken the entertaining elements of the original and , instead , rehash old jokes and leave any life at the doorstep . i like frank the pug , though .
what might've been an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle becomes a sprawl of uncoordinated vectors .
vaguely interesting , but it's just too too much .
eerily accurate depiction of depression .
it appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up .
if you recognize zeus ( the dog from snatch ) it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .
harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research .
pc stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion .
you can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , 'this is going to be something really good . ' and it is .
i know that i'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again
it is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film .
its sheer dynamism is infectious .
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u . s . -- a major director is emerging in world cinema .
this is a great subject for a movie , but hollywood has squandered the opportunity , using it as a prop for warmed-over melodrama and the kind of choreographed mayhem that director john woo has built his career on .
such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you can't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production .
sayles . . . once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .
purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons .
don't expect any surprises in this checklist of teamwork cliches . . .
ice cube holds the film together with an engaging and warm performance . . .
by not averting his eyes , solondz forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable .
in exactly 89 minutes , most of which passed as slowly as if i'd been sitting naked on an igloo , formula 51 sank from quirky to jerky to utter turkey .
without the dark spookiness of crystal lake camp , the horror concept completely loses its creepy menace .
armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud .
this may be the dumbest , sketchiest movie on record about an aspiring writer's coming-of-age .
compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded things get .
yet another weepy southern bore-athon .
moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured .
a graceless , witless attempt at mating some like it hot with the wwii espionage thriller .
chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them .
but the power of these [subjects] is obscured by the majority of the film that shows a stationary camera on a subject that could be mistaken for giving a public oration , rather than contributing to a film's narrative .
often gruelling and heartbreaking to witness , but seldahl and wollter's sterling performances raise this far above the level of the usual maudlin disease movie .
fancy a real downer ? [leigh] lays it on so thick this time that it feels like a suicide race .
it's the sweet cinderella story that " pretty woman " wanted to be .
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does .
thrilling , provocative and darkly funny , this timely sci-fi mystery works on so many different levels that it not only invites , it demands repeated viewings .
an affectionately goofy satire that's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary . . .
the principals in this cast are all fine , but bishop and stevenson are standouts .
the elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat .
this is a happy throwback to the time when cartoons were cinema's most idiosyncratic form instead of one of its most predictable .
my own minority report is that it stinks .
statham employs an accent that i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british .
both deeply weird and charmingly dear .
part of the film's cheeky charm comes from its vintage schmaltz .
one of the most significant moviegoing pleasures of the year .
at nearly three hours , the whole of safe conduct is less than the sum of its parts .
passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , helga figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats .
saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory .
the story has little wit and no surprises .
yes , one enjoys seeing joan grow from awkward young woman to strong , determined monarch , but her love for the philandering philip only diminishes her stature .
with notorious c . h . o . cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy .
conceptually brilliant . . . plays like a living-room war of the worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown .
patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary .
it looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships .
a mess , but it's a sincere mess .
it's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits . if only it had the story to match .
[gai] comes closer to any actress i can remember to personifying independence in its purest and , yes , most intimidating form .
yes , i have given this movie a rating of zero . but fans of the show should not consider this a diss . consider it 'perfection . '
a long-winded , predictable scenario .
steven soderbergh doesn't remake andrei tarkovsky's solaris so much as distill it .
despite the holes in the story and the somewhat predictable plot , moments of the movie caused me to jump in my chair . . .
the movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne .
it's really just another silly hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded , yahoo-ing death shows .
meandering and glacially paced , and often just plain dull .
it thankfully goes easy on the reel/real world dichotomy that [jaglom] pursued with such enervating determination in venice/venice .
like a can of 2-day old coke . you can taste it , but there's no fizz .
the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage . the images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable .
while obviously aimed at kids , the country bears . . . should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio .
i whole-heartedly recommend that everyone see this movie-- for its historical significance alone .
it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time .
in his determination to lighten the heavy subject matter , silberling also , to a certain extent , trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls .
a cautionary tale about the grandiosity of a college student who sees himself as impervious to a fall .
solondz creates some effective moments of discomfort for character and viewer alike .
a wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs .
the dangerous lives of altar boys' take on adolescence feels painfully true .
somewhere short of tremors on the modern b-scene : neither as funny nor as clever , though an agreeably unpretentious way to spend ninety minutes .
since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .
i wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways .
the film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive . . .
a thriller with an edge -- which is to say that it doesn't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
the filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they won't much care about .
it's a rare window on an artistic collaboration .
an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen .
i don't think this movie loves women at all .
more a gunfest than a rock concert .
not a movie but a live-action agitprop cartoon so shameless and coarse , it's almost funny .
woven together handsomely , recalling sixties' rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to don't look back .
gere gives a good performance in a film that doesn't merit it .
flaunts its quirky excesses like a new year's eve drunk sporting a paper party hat .
my big fat greek wedding is not only the best date movie of the year , it's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss .
. . . always remains movingly genuine .
the problem with all of this : it's not really funny .
feels more like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening .
makes even the claustrophobic on-board quarters seem fun .
the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , and the romance with ryder is puzzling .
it is far from the worst , thanks to the topical issues it raises , the performances of stewart and hardy , and that essential feature -- a decent full-on space battle .
even if it is generally amusing from time to time , i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .
if it's another regurgitated action movie you're after , there's no better film than half past dead .
a taut , sobering film .
a deliciously mordant , bitter black comedy .
cho's timing is priceless .
no matter how firmly director john stainton has his tongue in his cheek , the fact remains that a wacky concept does not a movie make .
the film's intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that's opened between them .
uno de los policiales más interesantes de los últimos tiempos .
both heartbreaking and heartwarming . . . just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it's tremendously moving .
the drama discloses almost nothing .
wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too .
the result puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally couldn't care less .
a whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking christian-themed fun .
the x potion gives the quickly named blossom , bubbles and buttercup supernatural powers that include extraordinary strength and laser-beam eyes , which unfortunately don't enable them to discern flimsy screenplays .
a decidedly mixed bag .
from the opening strains of the average white band's " pick up the pieces " , you can feel the love .
the movie's biggest offense is its complete and utter lack of tension .
deliciously slow .
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he's dissecting , and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation .
becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that doesn't and a thriller that won't .
at times the guys taps into some powerful emotions , but this kind of material is more effective on stage . it's not a motion picture ; it's an utterly static picture .
this is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos .
a powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man's dying fall .
legendary irish writer brendan behan's memoir , borstal boy , has been given a loving screen transferral .
once the audience figure out what's being said , the filmmaker's relative passivity will make it tough for them to really care .
the beautiful images and solemn words cannot disguise the slack complacency of [godard's] vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice .
the humor isn't as sharp , the effects not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original . but it could have been worse .
the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative .
an irresistible combination of a rousing good story set on a truly grand scale .
zhang yimou delivers warm , genuine characters who lie not through dishonesty , but because they genuinely believe it's the only way to bring happiness to their loved ones .
it's the kind of movie you can't quite recommend because it is all windup and not much of a pitch , yet you can't bring yourself to dislike it .
a shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait , shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown .
the twist that ends the movie is the one with the most emotional resonance , but twists are getting irritating , and this is the kind of material where the filmmakers should be very careful about raising eyebrows .
the furious coherence that [deniro] brings to this part only underscores the fuzzy sentimentality of the movie itself , which feels , as it plods toward the end , less like a movie than like the filmed reading of a script in need of polishing .
sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip .
complex , affecting and uniquely almodóvar , the film evokes strong emotions and pushes viewers to question their deepest notions of moral right and wrong .
chamber of secrets will find millions of eager fans . but if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .
the dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so .
the pianist is the film roman polanski may have been born to make .
a funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a british cast to rival gosford park's .
the plot meanders from gripping to plodding and back .
a beautifully made piece of unwatchable drivel .
director-chef gabriele muccino keeps it fast -- zippy , comin' at ya -- as if fearing that his film is molto superficiale .
rodriguez . . . was unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight .
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end . . . you almost don't notice the 129-minute running time .
the unique tug-of-war with viewer expectations is undeniable , if not a pleasure in its own right .
i'd give real money to see the perpetrators of chicago torn apart by dingoes .
in the telling of a story largely untold , bui chooses to produce something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar .
the movie's vision of a white american zealously spreading a puritanical brand of christianity to south seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish .
the recording session is the only part of the film that is enlightening -- and how appreciative you are of this depends on your level of fandom .
it's just rather leaden and dull .
innocuous enough to make even jean-claude van damme look good .
this is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery .
windtalkers is shapelessly gratifying , the kind of movie that invites you to pick apart its faults even as you have to admit that somehow it hit you where you live .
there's something about a marching band that gets me where i live .
britney's performance cannot be faulted . lucy's a dull girl , that's all .
lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) , but ultimately you'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered .
it's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .
ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action .
it's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed , but that's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie's strangeness .
a worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions .
the story's pathetic and the gags are puerile .
the film offers an intriguing what-if premise .
. . . a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking .
if religious films aren't your bailiwick , stay away . otherwise , this could be a passable date film .
undercover brother doesn't go far enough . it's just a silly black genre spoof .
who is the audience for cletis tout ? anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed .
almost every scene in this film is a gem that could stand alone , a perfectly realized observation of mood , behavior and intent .
whereas last year's exemplary sexy beast seemed to revitalize the british gangster movie , this equally brutal outing merely sustains it .
serious and thoughtful .
for anyone unfamiliar with pentacostal practices in general and theatrical phenomenon of hell houses in particular , it's an eye-opener .
the whole movie is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well .
somehow ms . griffiths and mr . pryce bring off this wild welsh whimsy .
what we get . . . is caddyshack crossed with the loyal order of raccoons .
there is more than one joke about putting the toilet seat down . and that should tell you everything you need to know about all the queen's men .
trivial where it should be profound , and hyper-cliched where it should be sincere .
the movie's captivating details are all in the performances , from foreman's barking-mad taylor to thewlis's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany/mcdowell's hard-eyed gangster .
if you love the music , and i do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary . . .
me without you has a bracing truth that's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood .
as expected , sayles' smart wordplay and clever plot contrivances are as sharp as ever , though they may be overshadowed by some strong performances .
exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera . . . more salacious telenovela than serious drama .
another best of the year selection .
to honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed .
the film wasn't preachy , but it was feminism by the book .
ze movie starts out so funny , then she is nothing .
it's often infuriatingly glib and posturing , and yet it has been made with great evident care and manages to deliver up the man in a way to arouse further curiosity in even the most unknowing viewer .
the film goes from being an unusual sci-fi character study to a chase flick that detracts from its ending .
roman polanski's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than 'shindler's list' - it is more than merely a holocaust movie .
feels less like a change in [herzog's] personal policy than a half-hearted fluke .
k-19 may not hold a lot of water as a submarine epic , but it holds even less when it turns into an elegiacally soggy saving private ryanovich .
insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion . but the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .
the film is a contrivance , as artificial as the video games japanese teens play in a nightclub sequence , but it's an enjoyable one .
the journey is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .
this is amusing for about three minutes .
the year's happiest surprise , a movie that deals with a real subject in an always surprising way .
a relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action flick .
wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot make this an eminently engrossing film .
in addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , ballistic : ecks vs . sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
cannon's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film's saving graces .
gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing .
there's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish .
workmanlike , maybe , but still a film with all the elements that made the other three great , scary times at the movies .
friday after next has the same problem that next friday did -- it's called where's chris tucker when you need him ?
canada's arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people .
standing by yourself is haunting . . . [it's] what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction .
the spaniel-eyed jean reno infuses hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart .
in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , the emperor's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .
while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo . . . broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity .
chan's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy .
the creative animation work may not look as fully 'rendered' as pixar's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree .
a special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of memento . . .
while mcfarlane's animation lifts the film firmly above the level of other coming-of-age films . . . it's also so jarring that it's hard to get back into the boys' story .
… is an arthritic attempt at directing by callie khouri . i had to look away - this was god awful .
throwing caution to the wind with an invitation to the hedonist in us all , nair has constructed this motion picture in such a way that even the most cynical curmudgeon with find himself or herself smiling at one time or another .
intriguing and beautiful film , but those of you who read the book are likely to be disappointed .
the sheer dumbness of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down .
the film is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card .
britney spears' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction .
a moving and solidly entertaining comedy/drama that should bolster director and co-writer juan josé campanella's reputation in the united states .
gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing .
as giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago .
glizty but formulaic and silly . . . cagney's 'top of the world' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel .
the hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork .
formula 51 promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip .
you'll get the enjoyable basic minimum . but not a whit more .
the powers team has fashioned a comedy with more laughs than many , no question . but this time there's some mold on the gold .
a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it's potentially just as rewarding .
denis and co-writer michele petin's impeccable screenplay penetrates with a rawness that that is both unflinching and tantalizing . lead provocatuers testud and parmentier give superlative performances
from its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale , martin is a masterfully conducted work .
in the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters — damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .
sacrifices the value of its wealth of archival foot-age with its less-than-objective stance .
an endlessly fascinating , landmark movie that is as bold as anything the cinema has seen in years .
the long-range appeal of " minority report " should transcend any awards it bags . this is one for the ages .
would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed 'the french lieutenant's woman . '
a recipe for cinematic disaster . . . part quentin tarantino , part guy ritchie , and part 1960s spy spoof , it's all bad .
an alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary .
assayas' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne's novel .
so beautifully acted and directed , it's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .
hey arnold ! the movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their natural size , and it ain't pretty .
tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident .
by the time you reach the finale , you're likely wondering why you've been watching all this strutting and posturing .
a valueless kiddie paean to pro basketball underwritten by the nba .
these characters become wearisome .
do not , under any circumstances , consider taking a child younger than middle school age to this wallow in crude humor .
if you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera , this oscar-nominated documentary takes you there .
there's not enough to sustain the comedy .
an eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake .
it collapses when mr . taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller's rush .
what bubbles up out of john c . walsh's pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie they might actually want to watch .
delia , greta , and paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year . as each of them searches for their place in the world , miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity .
the movie turns out to be [assayas'] homage to the gallic 'tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness .
it's almost impossible not to be moved by the movie's depiction of sacrifice and its stirring epilogue in post-soviet russia .
el peso de un líquido incoloro , el peso del líquido vital , del amor como elemento de vida , y de muerte . . .
if shayamalan wanted to tell a story about a man who loses his faith , why didn't he just do it , instead of using bad sci-fi as window dressing ?
video games are more involving than this mess .
very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .
there's a heavy stench of 'been there , done that' hanging over the film . it's everything you'd expect -- but nothing more .
insanely hilarious ! i haven't laughed that hard in years !
the film equivalent of a toy chest whose contents get scattered over the course of 80 minutes .
nothing more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks .
egoyan's work often elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view , but here he has constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose .
jagger the actor is someone you want to see again .
grown-up quibbles are beside the point here . the little girls understand , and mccracken knows that's all that matters .
deliberately and devotedly constructed , far from heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate .
if the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : you want the story to go on and on .
the secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again .
allen shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today .
it's a treat watching shaw , a british stage icon , melting under the heat of phocion's attentions .
'stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall's intense freight train of a film . '
a brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel .
a recent favourite at sundance , this white-trash satire will inspire the affection of even those unlucky people who never owned a cassette of def leppard's pyromania .
try as you might to resist , if you've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson , this movie will worm its way there .
topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs .
cliches are as thick as the cigarette smoke .
captivates as it shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper .
heaven is a haunting dramatization of a couple's moral ascension .
the reason to see " sade " lay with the chemistry and complex relationship between the marquis ( auteil ) and emilie ( le besco ) .
all the filmmakers are asking of us , is to believe in something that is improbable .
'punch-drunk love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you'd want to smash its face in . '
much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad .
ultimately , jane learns her place as a girl , softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with .
henry bean's thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect
a crass and insulting homage to great films like some like it hot and the john wayne classics .
what a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie this is .
i liked a lot of the smaller scenes .
it's a bad action movie because there's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring .
fisher has bared his soul and confronted his own shortcomings here in a way . . . that feels very human and very true to life .
it's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas .
it has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline .
an appealingly juvenile trifle that delivers its share of laughs and smiles .
what should have been a cutting hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week's issue of variety .
there's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination .
remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies .
possibly not since grumpy old men have i heard a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another .
not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions .
nothing's at stake , just a twisty double-cross you can smell a mile away--still , the derivative nine queens is lots of fun .
the timing in nearly every scene seems a half beat off .
a living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange . the fact that it isn't very good is almost beside the point .
cold and scattered , minority report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals . that's not vintage spielberg and that , finally , is minimally satisfying .
its lack of quality earns it a place alongside those other two recent dumas botch-jobs , the man in the iron mask and the musketeer .
we get the comedy we settle for .
the idea of 49-year-old roberto benigni playing the wooden boy pinocchio is scary enough . the reality of the new live-action pinocchio he directed , cowrote and starred in borders on the grotesque .
the cumulative effect of the relentless horror on parade numbs the movie's power as a work of drama .
unfortunately , heartbreak hospital wants to convey the same kind of haughtiness in its own sketchy material but this territory has already been explored previously with better aplomb and sardonic wit .
the tonal shifts are jolting , and though wen's messages are profound and thoughtfully delivered , more thorough transitions would have made the film more cohesive .
velocity represents everything wrong with ''independent film'' as a commodified , sold-out concept on the american filmmaking scene .
that 'alabama' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) . . .
don't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action .
lacking substance and soul , crossroads comes up shorter than britney's cutoffs .
this slight premise . . . works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon .
the vivid lead performances sustain interest and empathy , but the journey is far more interesting than the final destination .
to show these characters in the act and give them no feelings of remorse -- and to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape -- is overkill to the highest degree .
if reno is to the left of liberal on the political spectrum , her tough , funny , rather chaotic show isn't subversive so much as it is nit-picky about the hypocrisies of our time .
inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .
a thoughtful look at a painful incident that made headlines in 1995 .
this one is definitely one to skip , even for horror movie fanatics .
an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere .
tian emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to liyan's backyard .
watching queen of the damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in .
young hanks and fisk , who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents , bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work .
presents a side of contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation .
an enjoyably half-wit remake of the venerable italian comedy big deal on madonna street .
the characters are interesting and the relationship between yosuke and saeko is worth watching as it develops , but there's not enough to the story to fill two hours .
she may not be real , but the laughs are .
what a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is !
quando tiros em columbine acerta o alvo ( com o perdão do trocadilho ) , não há como negar o brilhantismo da argumentação de seu diretor .
the performances are an absolute joy .
. . . surprisingly inert for a movie in which the main character travels back and forth between epochs .
[a] shapeless blob of desperate entertainment .
the result is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel .
engrossing and affecting , if ultimately not quite satisfying .
i know i shouldn't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old .
rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world , it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust .
chaotic , self-indulgent and remarkably ugly to look at , it's . . . like a series of pretentiously awful student films strung together into one feature-length horror .
the modern-day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones .
we just don't really care too much about this love story . in that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .
it's impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard ( eileen walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant .
the execution is so pedestrian that the most positive comment we can make is that rob schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl .
long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame .
. . . in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy , it doesn't disappoint .
a romantic comedy enriched by a sharp eye for manners and mores .
a close-to-solid espionage thriller with the misfortune of being released a few decades too late .
the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs .
much of what we see is horrible but it's also undeniably exceedingly clever .
post 9/11 the philosophical message of " personal freedom first " might not be as palatable as intended .
plays like a volatile and overlong w magazine fashion spread .
elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy .
as it stands , there's some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing , but not a whole lot more .
could the country bears really be as bad as its trailers ? in a word -- yes .
because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin .
aptly named , this shimmering , beautifully costumed and filmed production doesn't work for me .
the film is so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film .
it's an unusual , thoughtful bio-drama with a rich subject and some fantastic moments and scenes .
enormously likable , partly because it is aware of its own grasp of the absurd .
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed .
coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else .
combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration .
a difficult , absorbing film that manages to convey more substance despite its repetitions and inconsistencies than do most films than are far more pointed and clear .
mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls , group articulates a flood of emotion .
the movie succumbs to being nothing more than a formulaic chase in the dark .
the performances are remarkable .
sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments .
it's another retelling of alexandre dumas' classic . why ? who knows , but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds .
exactly what it claims to be -- a simple diversion for the kids .
the only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .
an engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary .
perhaps no picture ever made has more literally showed that the road to hell is paved with good intentions .
on its own cinematic terms , it successfully showcases the passions of both the director and novelist byatt .
all but the most persnickety preteens should enjoy this nonthreatening but thrilling adventure .
it is a challenging film , if not always a narratively cohesive one .
thanks to scott's charismatic roger and eisenberg's sweet nephew , roger dodger is one of the most compelling variations on in the company of men .
jones helps breathe some life into the insubstantial plot , but even he is overwhelmed by predictability .
given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it , the project should have been made for the tube .
beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm .
in the disturbingly involving family dysfunctional drama how i killed my father , french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition
i don't think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version . but i do .
a movie that feels like the pilot episode of a new teen-targeted action tv series .
the acting is just fine , but there's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff .
everything else about high crimes is , like the military system of justice it portrays , tiresomely regimented .
so much facile technique , such cute ideas , so little movie .
unpretentious , charming , quirky , original
hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script .
makes one thing abundantly clear . american musical comedy as we know it wouldn't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun's-sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway .
there's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for egoyan , but it's also one that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted .
this is a harrowing movie about how parents know where all the buttons are , and how to push them .
the film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant .
" catch me " feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark .
even with its $50-million us budget , pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .
. . . a fun little timewaster , helped especially by the cool presence of jean reno .
tiresomely derivative and hammily acted .
remember the kind of movie we were hoping " ecks vs . sever " or " xxx " was going to be ? this is it .
soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film . what's left is a rich stew of longing .
daughter from danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds . it doesn't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain .
dazzling and sugar-sweet , a blast of shallow magnificence that only sex , scandal , and a chorus line of dangerous damsels can deliver .
has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke .
a sterling film - a cross between boys don't cry , deliverance , and ode to billy joe - lies somewhere in the story of matthew shepard , but that film is yet to be made .
a great companion piece to other napoleon films .
with this masterful , flawless film , [wang] emerges in the front ranks of china's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers .
the troubling thing about clockstoppers is that it doesn't make any sense .
quitting delivers a sucker-punch , and its impact is all the greater beause director zhang's last film , the cuddly shower , was a non-threatening multi-character piece centered around a public bath house .
you'll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot . you'll be more entertained getting hit by a bus .
earnest but heavy-handed .
there are as many misses as hits , but ultimately , it finds humor in the foibles of human behavior , and it's a welcome return to the roots of a genre that should depend on surprises .
a compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one .
fluffy and disposible .
the milieu is wholly unconvincing . . . and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch .
all the movie's narrative gymnastics can't disguise the fact that it's inauthentic at its core and that its story just isn't worth telling .
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , 'ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . '
meyjes's movie , like max rothman's future , does not work .
ludicrous , but director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining .
the movie gets muted and routine .
an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves .
upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that doesn't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .
( rises ) above its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism .
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard .
' . . . despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '
with so many bad romances out there , this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .
reno himself can take credit for most of the movie's success . he's one of the few 'cool' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness .
. . . somehow manages to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks .
hashiguchi uses the situation to evoke a japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation .
chalk it up to my adoration for both de niro and murphy , but i had a pretty good time with this movie - despite its myriad flaws .
it doesn't help that the director and cinematographer stephen kazmierski shoot on grungy video , giving the whole thing a dirty , tasteless feel .
if you're a fan of the series you'll love it and probably want to see it twice . i will be .
though impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture , it too is a bomb .
a static and sugary little half-hour , after-school special about interfaith understanding , stretched out to 90 minutes .
[d]espite its familiar subject matter , ice age is consistently amusing and engrossing . . .
a haunting tale of murder and mayhem .
as the latest bid in the tv-to-movie franchise game , i spy makes its big-screen entry with little of the nervy originality of its groundbreaking small-screen progenitor .
a relatively effective little potboiler until its absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale .
it's an offbeat treat that pokes fun at the democratic exercise while also examining its significance for those who take part .
'abandon all hope , ye who enter here' . . . you should definitely let dante's gloomy words be your guide .
there's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but brooms isn't it .
it's mildly amusing , but i certainly can't recommend it .
this is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream .
the script isn't very good ; not even someone as gifted as hoffman ( the actor ) can make it work .
it puts washington , as honest working man john q . archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher .
steve irwin's method is ernest hemmingway at accelerated speed and volume .
special p . o . v . camera mounts on bikes , skateboards , and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense imax screen .
the rest of the plot is impossible to explain without blowing whatever tension there is , although it's more comedy than suspense de palma creates .
horns and halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .
the comedy is nonexistent .
if you're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining , you're in luck .
amazing ! a college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing !
a whimsical if predictable time-travel fable marred by a willful single-mindedness .
a big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on .
a period story about a catholic boy who tries to help a jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell .
is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ? i don't think so . nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me .
empire can't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film . it doesn't work as either .
if divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances .
brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate .
it's a great deal of sizzle and very little steak . but what spectacular sizzle it is ! . . . in this incarnation its fizz is infectious .
screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite .
i haven't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered .
jacquot's tosca is a treat .
tells ( the story ) with such atmospheric ballast that shrugging off the plot's persnickety problems is simply a matter of ( being ) in a shrugging mood .
just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience .
visually engrossing , seldom hammy , honorably mexican and burns its kahlories with conviction .
director elie chouraqui , who co-wrote the script , catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ?
soderbergh , like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .
a bit too derivative to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be .
it's got some pretentious eye-rolling moments and it didn't entirely grab me , but there's stuff here to like .
apparently kissing leads to suicide attempts and tragic deaths . marisa tomei is good , but just a kiss is just a mess .
it's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast .
happily stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and doesn't pummel us with phony imagery or music .
it's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal .
a fantastic premise anchors this movie , but what it needs is either a more rigid , blair witch-style commitment to its mockumentary format , or a more straightforward , dramatic treatment , with all the grandiosity that that implies .
though this saga would be terrific to read about , it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch .
a fitfully amusing romp that , if nothing else , will appeal to fans of malcolm in the middle and its pubescent star , frankie muniz .
sparkles in its deft portrait of tinseltown's seasoned veterans of gossip , wealth , paranoia , and celebrityhood .
generic thriller junk . teens only .
the movie certainly has its share of clever moments and biting dialogue , but there's just not much lurking below its abstract surface .
while it is welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion , lan yu never catches dramatic fire .
nair and writer laura cahill dare to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women , emerging with a fine character study that's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life .
the actors don't inhabit their roles -- they're trapped by them , forced to change behavior in bizarre unjustified fashion and spout dialog that consists mostly of platitudes .
solaris " is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .
at its best , it's black hawk down with more heart . at its worst , it's rambo- meets-john ford .
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time .
you might be shocked to discover that seinfeld's real life is boring .
this is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that's as entertaining as it is instructive .
you would be better off investing in the worthy emi recording that serves as the soundtrack , or the home video of the 1992 malfitano-domingo production .
the problem is that rather than dramatizing this premise , mr . desplechin is content to state it .
it sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations .
tadpole may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother .
sade is an engaging look at the controversial eponymous and fiercely atheistic hero .
this ecologically minded , wildlife friendly film teaches good ethics while entertaining with its unconventionally wacky but loving family
de niro looks bored , murphy recycles murphy , and you mentally add showtime to the pile of hollywood dreck that represents nothing more than the art of the deal .
there's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .
a stirring road movie .
too clunky and too busy ribbing itself to be truly entertaining .
the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny .
a pleasant enough movie , held together by skilled ensemble actors .
the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits .
it's hard to know whether or not to recommend this film because for every thing it does right there's at least one and occasionally two things it gets ever so wrong .
uzumaki's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse . . .
hip-hop rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture .
the fourth " pokemon " is a diverting--if predictable--adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world's delicate ecological balance .
director david fincher and writer david koepp can't sustain it .
edited and shot with a syncopated style mimicking the work of his subjects , pray turns the idea of the documentary on its head , making it rousing , invigorating fun lacking any mtv puffery .
this thing is virtually unwatchable .
somewhere inside the mess that is world traveler , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out .
nothing more than a mediocre trifle .
lan yu is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .
altogether , this is successful as a film , while at the same time being a most touching reconsideration of the familiar masterpiece .
the lion king was a roaring success when it was released eight years ago , but on imax it seems better , not just bigger .
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr . , but there isn't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative .
the title helpfully offers the most succinct review of it you'll read anywhere .
feeling like a dope has rarely been more fun than it is in nine queens .
after you laugh once ( maybe twice ) , you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
a knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor .
even on its own ludicrous terms , the sum of all fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series .
brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life .
'butterfingered' is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
the action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory .
features fincher's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity .
it wraps up a classic mother/daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and while the audience can tell it's not all new , at least it looks pretty .
this is a very fine movie -- go see it .
[a] boldly stroked , luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .
the movie has a soft , percolating magic , a deadpan suspense .
the piano teacher is not an easy film . it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling .
if you've ever wondered what an ending without the input of studio executives or test audiences would look like , here it is .
as violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you've ever seen .
even though the film doesn't manage to hit all of its marks , it's still entertaining to watch the target practice .
davis . . . is so enamored of her own creation that she can't see how insufferable the character is .
this surreal gilliam-esque film is also a troubling interpretation of ecclesiastes . a rewarding work of art for only the most patient and challenge-hungry moviegoers .
funny and , at times , poignant , the film from director george hickenlooper all takes place in pasadena , " a city where people still read . "
full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , kung pow ! is the kind of movie that's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low .
ends up being mostly about ravishing costumes , eye-filling , wide-screen production design and joan's wacky decision to stand by her man , no matter how many times he demonstrates that he's a disloyal satyr .
my little eye is the best little " horror " movie i've seen in years .
comes . . . uncomfortably close to coasting in the treads of the bicycle thief .
a brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium .
many insightful moments .
ultimately feels like just one more in the long line of films this year about the business of making movies .
it's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie . and it's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
the picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment .
jones . . . does offer a brutal form of charisma .
you may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes won't still be tapping .
a wild , endearing , masterful documentary .
an unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
a manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse .
if it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in dolby digital stereo . if nothing else , " rollerball " 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j .
to be influenced chiefly by humanity's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for god's sake ! -- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw .
a kilted jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces .
the film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil .
resident evil isn't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv , sugar hysteria , and playstation cocktail .
by the final whistle you're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just doesn't have big screen magic .
nohe's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : he isn't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction .
feardotcom's thrills are all cheap , but they mostly work .
as tweedy talks about canning his stockbroker and repairing his pool , you yearn for a few airborne tv sets or nude groupies on the nod to liven things up .
haneke's script ( from elfriede jelinek's novel ) is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending .
throwing it all away for the fleeting joys of love's brief moment .
though its story is only surface deep , the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .
sounding like arnold schwarzenegger , with a physique to match , [ahola] has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that doesn't produce any real transformation .
like an afterschool special with costumes by gianni versace , mad love looks better than it feels .
a real movie , about real people , that gives us a rare glimpse into a culture most of us don't know .
it's good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .
after collateral damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned . but no .
[hawn's character]is so bluntly written , without a trace of sentimentality , and so blisteringly defined , that every other character seems overlooked and underwritten .
the film takes too long getting to the good stuff , then takes too long figuring out what to do next .
strong setup and ambitious goals fade as the film descends into unsophisticated scare tactics and b-film thuggery .
it's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue .
though jackson doesn't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape , it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .
sluggish , tonally uneven .
this movie is so bad , that it's almost worth seeing because it's so bad .
. . . unlike [scorsese's mean streets] , ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .
if this dud had been made in the '70s , it would have been called the hills have antlers and played for about three weeks in drive-ins .
[drumline] is entertaining for what it does , and admirable for what it doesn't do .
an absorbing and unsettling psychological drama .
. . . an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler .
a clichéd and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying lives of gay men .
at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability . . . all you have left is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he's not trying to laugh at how bad it
even with all those rough edges safely sanded down , the american insomnia is still pretty darned good .
for those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s , the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed .
" antwone fisher " is an earnest , by-the-numbers effort by washington . it won't rock any boats but is solid meat-and-potatoes filmmaking .
a fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound turned down .
if you saw benigni's pinocchio at a public park , you'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .
a dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater provides .
coppola's directorial debut is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema .
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it .
comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man .
the picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it's no glance . it's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing .
it's a nicely detailed world of pawns , bishops and kings , of wagers in dingy backrooms or pristine forests .
the sum of all fears is almost impossible to follow -- and there's something cringe-inducing about seeing an american football stadium nuked as pop entertainment .
a properly spooky film about the power of spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not .
a riveting documentary .
like mike doesn't win any points for originality . it does succeed by following a feel-good formula with a winning style , and by offering its target audience of urban kids some welcome role models and optimism .
what 'blade runner' would've looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel .
when mr . hundert tells us in his narration that 'this is a story without surprises , ' we nod in agreement .
reassuring , retro uplifter .
they were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they'd earn . they were right .
watching it is rather like viewing a long soap opera in which only the first episode was any good .
this is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .
[raimi's] matured quite a bit with spider-man , even though it's one of the most plain white toast comic book films you'll ever see .
invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion .
bullock's complete lack of focus and ability quickly derails the film
the second chapter of the harry potter series is even more magical than the first and simply the best family film of the year .
this sort of cute and cloying material is far from zhang's forte and it shows .
you have no affinity for most of the characters . nothing about them is attractive . what they see in each other also is difficult to fathom .
" on guard ! " won't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world's best actors , daniel auteuil , have a whale of a good time .
mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer's bloated effects fest the mummy returns .
moving and vibrant .
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength .
an awkward hybrid of genres that just doesn't work .
it's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout .
nicholson's understated performance is wonderful . as warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences he's neglected over the years .
because of an unnecessary and clumsy last scene , 'swimfan' left me with a very bad feeling .
for a good chunk of its running time , trapped is an effective and claustrophobic thriller .
" not really as bad as you might think ! "
there's a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes , but kang tacks on three or four more endings .
collateral damage is , despite its alleged provocation post-9/11 , an antique , in the end . as are its star , its attitude and its obliviousness .
there's something with potential here , but the movie decides , like lavinia , to go the conservative route .
shyamalan takes a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to earth ) and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion .
part of the charm of satin rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness .
a film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i saw the film .
a celebration of quirkiness , eccentricity , and certain individuals' tendency to let it all hang out , and damn the consequences .
a little less extreme than in the past , with longer exposition sequences between them , and with fewer gags to break the tedium .
a jewish ww ii doc that isn't trying simply to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience ! who knew . . .
it's a coming-of-age story we've all seen bits of in other films -- but it's rarely been told with such affecting grace and cultural specificity .
suffocated by its fussy script and uptight characters , this musty adaptation is all the more annoying since it's been packaged and sold back to us by hollywood .
too ordinary to restore [harmon] to prominence , despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors , and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience .
watching the powerpuff girls movie , my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures .
it provides an honest look at a community striving to anchor itself in new grounds .
there's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments . and yet , it still works .
the determination of pinochet's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop .
collapses under its own meager weight .
if you haven't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg's work . much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments . . .
more of a career curio than a major work .
this movie may not have the highest production values you've ever seen , but it's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .
at its best ( and it does have some very funny sequences ) looking for leonard reminds you just how comically subversive silence can be .
crackerjack entertainment -- nonstop romance , music , suspense and action .
a fine production with splendid singing by angela gheorghiu , ruggero raimondi , and roberto alagna .
bad company . bad movie . just plain bad .
it irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2 , 500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
on its own , it's not very interesting . as a remake , it's a pale imitation .
it all starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .
an original little film about one young woman's education .
it takes a certain kind of horror movie to qualify as 'worse than expected , ' but ghost ship somehow manages to do exactly that .
diggs and lathan are among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film .
it's not that kung pow isn't funny some of the time -- it just isn't any funnier than bad martial arts movies are all by themselves , without all oedekerk's impish augmentation .
from the opening scenes , it's clear that all about the benjamins is a totally formulaic movie .
an effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence .
schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that's enough to sustain laughs . . .
the master of disaster - it's a piece of dreck disguised as comedy .
'[hopkins]doesn't so much phone in his performance as fax it . no , even that's too committed . he gets his secretary to fax it . "
a grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone's crazy french grandfather .
a very funny look at how another culture handles the process of courting and marriage .
crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy .
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling . . . recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly .
be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense . the ring never lets you off the hook .
a prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp .
by turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious .
parker cannot sustain the buoyant energy level of the film's city beginnings into its country conclusion
made for teens and reviewed as such , this is recommended only for those under 20 years of age . . . and then only as a very mild rental .
like a less dizzily gorgeous companion to mr . wong's in the mood for love -- very much a hong kong movie despite its mainland setting .
. . . feels as if ( there's ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something .
the film presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet .
has all the poignancy of a hallmark card and all the comedy of a gallagher stand-up act .
a creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man . . . about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy .
one of the pleasures in walter's documentary . . . is the parade of veteran painters , confounded dealers , and miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subject's mysterious personality without ever explaining him .
the gorgeously elaborate continuation of " the lord of the rings " trilogy is so huge that a column of words cannot adequately describe co-writer/director peter jackson's expanded vision of j . r . r . tolkien's middle-earth .
sometimes , fond memories should stay in the past : a lesson this film teaches all too well .
most of the dialogue made me want to pack raw dough in my ears .
if you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .
though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation .
it's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .
recoing's fantastic performance doesn't exactly reveal what makes vincent tick , but perhaps any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat .
what you would end up with if you took orwell , bradbury , kafka , george lucas and the wachowski brothers and threw them into a blender . but that's just the problem with it - the director hasn't added enough of his own ingredients .
i can only imagine one thing worse than kevin spacey trying on an irish accent , and that's sultry linda fiorentino doing the same thing .
boomers and their kids will have a barrie good time .
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that's where this film should have remained .
fans of so-bad-they're-good cinema may find some fun in this jumbled mess .
though excessively tiresome , the uncertainty principle , as verbally pretentious as the title may be , has its handful of redeeming features , as long as you discount its ability to bore .
woody allen has really found his groove these days . the problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .
there may have been a good film in " trouble every day , " but it is not what is on the screen .
the movie quickly drags on becoming boring and predictable . i tried to read the time on my watch .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
this is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years .
as a science fiction movie , " minority report " astounds .
it's as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself .
some people want the ol' ball-and-chain and then there are those who just want the ball and chain .
despite a blue-chip cast and a provocative title , writer-director peter mattei's first feature microwaves dull leftover romantic motifs basted in faux-contemporary gravy .
. . . myers has turned his franchise into the movie version of an adolescent dirty-joke book done up in post-tarantino pop-culture riffs . . .
a quiet , pure , elliptical film
disturbing and brilliant documentary .
an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary china .
told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject .
the satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere .
every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here .
a retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by martin scorsese .
in my opinion , analyze that is not as funny or entertaining as analyze this , but it is a respectable sequel .
this picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc's , despite a few whopping shootouts .
offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory .
the director has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn . the results are far more alienating than involving .
fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references .
the formula is familiar but enjoyable .
in addition to scoring high for originality of plot -- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- lilo & stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
just as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation .
more than anything else , kissing jessica stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again .
first-time writer-director dylan kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people .
a piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable .
nicks refuses to let slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy .
tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star .
director douglas mcgrath takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading .
en sí mismo el rey león es un espectáculo digno de contemplarse en cine , dvd o en su soberbio montaje teatral ; pero el hacerlo en la pantalla imax es una experiencia colosal .
hawn and sarandon form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .
binoche and magimel are perfect in these roles .
rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material .
predictably soulless techno-tripe .
kinnear and dafoe give what may be the performances of their careers .
ethan hawke has always fancied himself the bastard child of the beatnik generation and it's all over his chelsea walls .
except for paymer as the boss who ultimately expresses empathy for bartleby's pain , the performances are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion .
doesn't offer much besides glib soullessness , raunchy language and a series of brutal set pieces . . . that raise the bar on stylized screen violence .
we get some truly unique character studies and a cross-section of americana that hollywood couldn't possibly fictionalize and be believed .
if the last man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .
a mixed bag of a comedy that can't really be described as out of this world .
despite impeccable acting . . . and a script that takes some rather unexpected ( even , at times , preposterous ) turns , love is just too , too precious in the end .
if somebody was bored and . . . decided to make a dull , pretentious version of jesus' son , they'd come up with something like bart freundlich's world traveler .
it's a movie that ends with truckzilla , for cryin' out loud . if that doesn't clue you in that something's horribly wrong , nothing will .
genuinely touching because it's realistic about all kinds of love .
this is so bad .
oozes condescension from every pore .
eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm doesn't do a load of good .
the only time 8 crazy nights comes close to hitting a comedic or satirical target is during the offbeat musical numbers .
so original in its base concept that you cannot help but get caught up .
[it's] difficult to get beyond the overall blandness of american chai , despite its likable performances and refreshingly naive point of view .
a gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable .
the notion that bombing buildings is the funniest thing in the world goes entirely unexamined in this startlingly unfunny comedy .
. . . enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games .
it's just disappointingly superficial -- a movie that has all the elements necessary to be a fascinating , involving character study , but never does more than scratch the surface .
[lawrence bounces] all over the stage , dancing , running , sweating , mopping his face and generally displaying the wacky talent that brought him fame in the first place .
with its hint of an awkward hitchcockian theme in tact , harmon's daunting narrative promotes a reasonable landscape of conflict and pathos to support the scattershot terrorizing tone
ecks this one off your must-see list .
whether you like rap music or loathe it , you can't deny either the tragic loss of two young men in the prime of their talent or the power of this movie .
the performances of the children , untrained in acting , have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart .
those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to ichi .
rarely , indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .
this is mostly well-constructed fluff , which is all it seems intended to be .
the obligatory break-ups and hook-ups don't seem to have much emotional impact on the characters .
it's made with deftly unsettling genre flair .
unfortunately , it's also not very good . especially compared with the television series that inspired the movie .
this bold and lyrical first feature from raja amari expands the pat notion that middle-aged women just wanna have fun into a rousing treatise of sensual empowerment .
the low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love .
looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito's way .
the sword fighting is well done and auteuil is a goofy pleasure .
the gags , and the script , are a mixed bag .
highbrow self-appointed guardians of culture need not apply , but those who loved cool as ice have at last found a worthy follow-up .
. . . hudlin is stuck trying to light a fire with soggy leaves .
it's tough , astringent , darkly funny and . . . well , it's also generic , untidy , condescending and mild of impact rather than stunning .
a thoughtful movie , a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one's actions .
life is a crock -- or something like it .
a perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive , easily forgettable film .
the entire cast is extraordinarily good .
solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he isn't talking a talk that appeals to me .
at the bottom rung of the series' entries .
the dose is strong and funny , for the first 15 minutes anyway ; after that , the potency wanes dramatically .
. . . too gory to be a comedy and too silly to be an effective horror film .
hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired .
this strenuously unfunny showtime deserves the hook .
plays like some corny television production from a bygone era
[creates] the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama .
by turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy .
if you can swallow its absurdities and crudities lagaan really is enormously good fun .
a relative letdown .
as hugh grant says repeatedly throughout the movie , 'lovely ! brilliant ! '
a polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con .
about a boy vividly recalls the cary grant of room for one more , houseboat and father goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him .
well-meaning to a fault , antwone fisher manages the dubious feat of turning one man's triumph of will into everyman's romance comedy .
the story loses its bite in a last-minute happy ending that's even less plausible than the rest of the picture . much of the way , though , this is a refreshingly novel ride .
a film with contemporary political resonance illustrated by a winning family story .
first , for a movie that tries to be smart , it's kinda dumb . and second , what's with all the shooting ?
the most compelling wiseman epic of recent years .
crikey indeed .
you don't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch , and that's the mark of a documentary that works .
bogdanovich tantalizes by offering a peep show into the lives of the era's creme de la celluloid .
the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie .
though harris is affecting at times , he cannot overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .
the film contains no good jokes , no good scenes , barely a moment when carvey's saturday night live-honed mimicry rises above the level of embarrassment .
contando com uma premissa curiosa , o filme mergulha o espectador em um clima de forte suspense , culminando em um desfecho que certamente fica na memória .
big fat liar is just futile silliness looking to tap into the kiddie sensibilities .
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers .
É uma pena que , mais tarde , o próprio filme abandone o tom de paródia e passe a utilizar os mesmos clichês que havia satirizado .
k 19 stays afloat as decent drama/action flick
shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes .
an enjoyable film for the family , amusing and cute for both adults and kids .
insomnia is involving . still , i thought it could have been more .
happily for mr . chin -- though unhappily for his subjects -- the invisible hand of the marketplace wrote a script that no human screenwriter could have hoped to match .
indifferently implausible popcorn programmer of a movie .
crush is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half .
it won't harm anyone , but neither can i think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it . after all , it'll probably be in video stores by christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .
a fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .
brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day .
at three hours and with very little story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .
by presenting an impossible romance in an impossible world , pumpkin dares us to say why either is impossible -- which forces us to confront what's possible and what we might do to make it so .
an inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle .
kaufman's script is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious .
as quiet , patient and tenacious as mr . lopez himself , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .
loud , chaotic and largely unfunny .
none of this is very original , and it isn't particularly funny .
if the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish .
on the surface a silly comedy , scotland , pa would be forgettable if it weren't such a clever adaptation of the bard's tragic play .
scene-by-scene , things happen , but you'd be hard-pressed to say what or why .
it's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .
filled with honest performances and exceptional detail , baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity .
cattaneo should have followed the runaway success of his first film , the full monty , with something different .
a by-the-numbers patient/doctor pic that covers all the usual ground
the most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill .
this movie is about lying , cheating , but loving the friends you betray .
there's very little sense to what's going on here , but the makers serve up the cliches with considerable dash .
fontaine's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal .
ultimately , " mib ii " succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it can't be dismissed as mindless .
elaborate special effects take centre screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side .
together [time out and human resources] establish mr . cantet as france's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace .
could i have been more geeked when i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format ? in a word : no .
it is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
a bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing .
cantet beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in .
suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .
obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential .
maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is .
a sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply .
sex with strangers will shock many with its unblinking frankness . but what is missing from it all is a moral . what is the filmmakers' point ? why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ?
it's sincere to a fault , but , unfortunately , not very compelling or much fun .
" 13 conversations " holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point .
both stars manage to be funny , but , like the recent i spy , the star chemistry begs the question of whether random gags add up to a movie .
a loving little film of considerable appeal .
manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it .
moretti plays giovanni , a psychiatrist who predictably finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy . too predictably , in fact .
think of it as gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch .
starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill .
an unbelievably fun film just a leading man away from perfection .
overall , cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .
it's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but .
director roger kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity . and there's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together .
one of the best of a growing strain of daring films . . . that argue that any sexual relationship that doesn't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect .
there's an epic here , but you have to put it together yourself .
sturdy , entertaining period drama . . . both caine and fraser have their moments .
an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line .
it's one long bore .
. . . unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept .
melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold .
your taste for jonah - a veggie tales movie may well depend on your threshold for pop manifestations of the holy spirit .
confessions isn't always coherent , but it's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong .
the most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters .
barney has created a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful .
leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema . he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue . this method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here .
the auteur's ear for the way fears and slights are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug .
fubar is very funny , but not always in a laugh-out-loud way .
an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans .
the movie's something-borrowed construction feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story . killing time , that's all that's going on here .
a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ‘direct-to-video' release .
[an] hilarious romantic comedy .
falls neatly into the category of good stupid fun .
psychologically savvy .
if the very concept makes you nervous . . . you'll have an idea of the film's creepy , scary effectiveness .
sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people .
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting 'chops' and they take full advantage .
although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .
williams creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .
an intriguing and entertaining introduction to johnson .
it's hard to imagine anybody ever being " in the mood " to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone , but it's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it's started .
australian filmmaker david flatman uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .
the film can depress you about life itself .
sound the trumpets : for the first time since desperately seeking susan , madonna doesn't suck as an actress .
brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life's harshness .
the chateau . . . is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters .
the kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati .
another entertaining romp from robert rodriguez .
the basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy .
about schmidt is nicholson's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear .
i've always dreamed of attending cannes , but after seeing this film , it's not that big a deal .
while solondz tries and tries hard , storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .
there are films that try the patience of even the most cinema-besotted critic -- and this was one of them .
. . . a mostly boring affair with a confusing sudden finale that's likely to irk viewers .
an entertainment so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .
it will not appeal to the impatient , but those who like long books and movies will admire the way it accumulates power and depth .
nothing debases a concept comedy quite like the grinding of bad ideas , and showtime is crammed full of them .
although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five filipino-americans and their frantic efforts to find love .
though it's become almost redundant to say so , major kudos go to leigh for actually casting people who look working-class .
fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation . . . well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .
highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role .
earnest but earthbound . . . a slow , soggy , soporific , visually dank crime melodrama/character study that would be more at home on the small screen but for its stellar cast .
a frantic search for laughs , with a hit-to-miss ratio that doesn't exactly favour the audience .
once the 50 year old benigni appears as the title character , we find ourselves longing for the block of wood to come back .
count on his movie to work at the back of your neck long after you leave the theater .
it's about following your dreams , no matter what your parents think . socrates motions for hemlock .
if looking for a thrilling sci-fi cinematic ride , don't settle for this imposter .
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake , but he can't disguise that he's spiffing up leftovers that aren't so substantial or fresh .
philip k . dick must be turning in his grave , along with my stomach .
sharp , lively , funny and ultimately sobering film .
its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie's presentation , which is way too stagy .
" i blame all men for war , " [the warden's daughter] tells her father . the movie is about as deep as that sentiment .
a moving story of determination and the human spirit .
strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre .
life on the rez is no picnic : this picture shows you why .
'all in all , reign of fire will be a good ( successful ) rental . '
merely ( and literally ) tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women's expense .
a misogynistic piece of filth that attempts to pass itself off as hip , young adult entertainment .
it provides the grand , intelligent entertainment of a superior cast playing smart people amid a compelling plot .
lacking gravitas , macdowell is a placeholder for grief , and ergo this sloppy drama is an empty vessel . leave these flowers unpicked -- they're dead on the vine .
works because reno doesn't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience .
[washington's] strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene .
eight legged freaks won't join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks that we have come to love . . .
anemic chronicle of money grubbing new yorkers and their serial loveless hook ups .
has a solid emotional impact .
its characters are thinner than cardboard -- or even comic-book paper .
the colorful masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh's rise up the social ladder .
hollywood ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless .
if you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together , then go see this delightful comedy .
the sad thing about knockaround guys is its lame aspiration for grasping the coolness vibes when in fact the film isn't as flippant or slick as it thinks it is .
there's no clear picture of who killed bob crane . but here's a glimpse at his life .
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b . s . one another and put on a show in drag .
this insightful , oscar-nominated documentary , in which children on both sides of the ever-escalating conflict have their say away from watchful parental eyes , gives peace yet another chance .
the search for redemption makes for a touching love story , mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters' suffering .
new best friend's playboy-mansion presentation of college life is laugh-out-loud ludicrous .
what starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .
the movie's heavy-handed screenplay navigates a fast fade into pomposity and pretentiousness .
i can imagine this movie as a b&w british comedy , circa 1960 , with peter sellers , kenneth williams , et al . , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless .
the nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .
sheds light on a subject few are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before .
it's often faintly amusing , but the problems of the characters never become important to us , and the story never takes hold .
the whole talking-animal thing is grisly .
no aspirations to social import inform the movie version . this is a shameless sham , calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars .
the second coming of harry potter is a film far superior to its predecessor . a movie that successfully crushes a best selling novel into a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the godzilla sized soda .
the film is so bad it doesn't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .
mattei so completely loses himself to the film's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money .
mr . parker has brilliantly updated his source and grasped its essence , composing a sorrowful and hilarious tone poem about alienated labor , or an absurdist workplace sitcom .
yes , ballistic is silly . unfortunately , it's not silly fun unless you enjoy really bad movies .
`martin lawrence live' is so self-pitying , i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .
an ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation .
the director mostly plays it straight , turning leys' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and schneider's performance is so fine , it's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess .
those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one .
as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film's creepy , clean-cut dahmer ( jeremy renner ) and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .
much of this slick and sprightly cgi feature is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings .
has its share of arresting images .
director barry skolnick and his screenwriters glibly tick off every point of " the longest yard " playbook like a checklist .
the gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon .
this isn't a " friday " worth waiting for .
as ex-marine walter , who may or may not have shot kennedy , actor raymond j . barry is perfectly creepy and believable .
what emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice . promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents' anguish .
it's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that's just too boring and obvious .
though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .
labute's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .
those outside show business will enjoy a close look at people they don't really want to know .
it shows us a slice of life that's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .
this idea has lost its originality . . . and neither star appears very excited at rehashing what was basically a one-joke picture .
there are many things that solid acting can do for a movie , but crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them .
it's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn .
any movie this boring should be required to have ushers in the theater that hand you a cup of coffee every few minutes . like a marathon runner trying to finish a race , you need a constant influx of liquid just to get through it .
the major problem with windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character .
more whiny downer than corruscating commentary .
the whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it's trying to set the women's liberation movement back 20 years .
the gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang should please fans of chris fuhrman's posthumously published cult novel .
this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least .
there are moments it can be heart-rending in an honest and unaffected ( and gentle ) way .
a so-so , made-for-tv something posing as a real movie .
[janey] forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies .
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated .
asks what truth can be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically questions cinema's capability for recording truth .
a fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family diversion .
if you open yourself up to mr . reggio's theory of this imagery as the movie's set . . . it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .
this clever caper movie has twists worthy of david mamet and is enormous fun for thinking audiences .
when in doubt , the film ratchets up the stirring soundtrack , throws in a fish-out-of-water gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip . or else a doggie winks .
stevens' vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls .
trapped presents a frightening and compelling 'what if ? ' scenario that will give most parents pause . . . . then , something terrible happens .
toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it's hard not to be carried away .
engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched .
evokes a little of the fear that parents have for the possible futures of their children--and the sometimes bad choices mothers and fathers make in the interests of doing them good .
a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary .
. . . just a big mess of a movie , full of images and events , but no tension or surprise .
a wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung , but explains its characters' decisions only unsatisfactorily .
a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions .
astonishingly skillful and moving . . . it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one .
an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud .
[at least] moore is a real charmer .
tender yet lacerating and darkly funny fable .
not as distinctive or even as humorous as its needs to be to stand out , but it has clearly been made with affection and care .
unfortunately , contrived plotting , stereotyped characters and woo's over-the-top instincts as a director undermine the moral dilemma at the movie's heart .
it's like an all-star salute to disney's cheesy commercialism .
solaris is rigid and evasive in ways that soderbergh's best films , " erin brockovich , " " out of sight " and " ocean's eleven , " never were .
a waste of fearless purity in the acting craft .
it won't be long before you'll spy i spy at a video store near you .
the film doesn't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences .
despite the 2-d animation , the wild thornberrys movie makes for a surprisingly cinematic experience .
lovely and amazing is holofcener's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is . when all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , i trust , will you .
an unencouraging threefold expansion on the former mtv series , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc .
the author's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling .
cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer .
norton is magnetic as graham .
murder by numbers' isn't a great movie , but it's a perfectly acceptable widget .
so exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming .
dense and thoughtful and brimming with ideas that are too complex to be rapidly absorbed .
this is not a jackie chan movie . it's just a movie that happens to have jackie chan in it . and that makes all the difference .
'compleja e intelectualmente retadora , el ladrón de orquídeas es uno de esos filmes que vale la pena ver precisamente por su originalidad . '
an enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment .
first-time director joão pedro rodrigues' unwillingness to define his hero's background or motivations becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on .
at its best , queen is campy fun like the vincent price horror classics of the '60s . at its worst , it implodes in a series of very bad special effects .
not only better than its predecessor , it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .
together , tok and o orchestrate a buoyant , darkly funny dance of death . in the process , they demonstrate that there's still a lot of life in hong kong cinema .
a smug and convoluted action-comedy that doesn't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it's only a movie .
much-anticipated and ultimately lackluster movie .
with a confrontational stance , todd solondz takes aim on political correctness and suburban families .
at its best . . . festival in cannes bubbles with the excitement of the festival in cannes .
australia : land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place .
while the film misfires at every level , the biggest downside is the paucity of laughter in what's supposed to be a comedy .
a delightful entree in the tradition of food movies .
don't be fooled by the impressive cast list - eye see you is pure junk .
a damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film .
it's supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength -- but it never quite adds up .
unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook .
jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .
a boring , wincingly cute and nauseatingly politically correct cartoon guaranteed to drive anyone much over age 4 screaming from the theater .
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma .
outside of burger's desire to make some kind of film , it's really unclear why this project was undertaken
nothing more substantial than a fitfully clever doodle .
tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham .
it's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground .
in questioning the election process , payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .
visually breathtaking , viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it's the very definition of epic adventure .
[ferrera] has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .
a great comedy filmmaker knows great comedy needn't always make us laugh . tim story's not there yet - but 'barbershop' shows he's on his way .
the hours makes you examine your own life in much the same way its characters do , and the experience is profound . the hours is what movies are supposed to be . . .
it is not the first time that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them .
the mantra behind the project seems to have been 'it's just a kids' flick . ' translation : 'we don't need to try very hard . '
the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rock's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal .
got a david lynch jones ? then you'd do well to check this one out because it's straight up twin peaks action . . .
ana is a vivid , vibrant individual and the movie's focus upon her makes it successful and accessible .
as action-adventure , this space-based homage to robert louis stevenson's treasure island fires on all plasma conduits .
the adventure doesn't contain half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 .
gee , a second assassin shot kennedy ? moot point .
. . . does such a fine job of engulfing you in its world and allying you with its characters' choices , good and ill , that its shortcomings are remembered only as an afterthought .
daughter from danang is a film that should be seen by all , especially those who aren't aware of , or have forgotten about the unmentioned victims of war .
has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting .
while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) , the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity .
diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance
disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies…or any other john woo flick for that matter .
there are things to like about murder by numbers -- but , in the end , the disparate elements don't gel .
it's definitely a step in the right direction .
i felt sad for lise not so much because of what happens as because she was captured by this movie when she obviously belongs in something lighter and sunnier , by rohmer , for example .
a life-size reenactment of those jack chick cartoon tracts that always ended with some hippie getting tossed into the lake of fire .
at once emotional and richly analytical , the cosby-seinfeld encounter alone confirms the serious weight behind this superficially loose , larky documentary .
the disjointed mess flows as naturally as jolie's hideous yellow 'do .
a lifetime movie about men .
to say this was done better in wilder's some like it hot is like saying the sun rises in the east .
'estupendamente actuada , sumamente emotiva y profundamente humana , es una experiencia fílmica imposible de olvidar'
cho's fans are sure to be entertained ; it's only fair in the interest of full disclosure to say that -- on the basis of this film alone -- i'm not one of them .
'alice's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures .
one from the heart .
a slight and obvious effort , even for one whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits , age-wise .
its well of thorn and vinegar ( and simple humanity ) has long been plundered by similar works featuring the insight and punch this picture so conspicuously lacks .
apparently , romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just doesn't figure in the present hollywood program .
the result is a gaudy bag of stale candy , something from a halloween that died .
lawrence should stick to his day job . he's a better actor than a standup comedian .
mr . deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy .
entertains by providing good , lively company .
cox creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky's diaries .
when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we'd live in if argento's hollywood counterparts . . . had this much imagination and nerve .
it's a bit disappointing that it only manages to be decent instead of dead brilliant .
too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style .
the director explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut .
a disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants .
there has been much puzzlement among critics about what the election symbolizes . i believe the message is in the messenger : the agent is a woman .
eccentric enough to stave off doldrums , caruso's self-conscious debut is also eminently forgettable .
it's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull .
succeeds in providing a disquiet world the long-dreaded completion of the police academy series .
for a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over , no such thing is a big letdown .
transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games .
it's mostly a pleasure to watch . and the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence .
this is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground .
the story , touching though it is , does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature , and even at 85 minutes it feels a bit long .
if this movie were a book , it would be a page-turner , you can't wait to see what happens next .
an awfully good , achingly human picture .
grant gets to display his cadness to perfection , but also to show acting range that may surprise some who thought light-hearted comedy was his forte .
that the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle .
the messy emotions raging throughout this three-hour effort are instantly recognizable , allowing the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time .
with amazing finesse , the film shadows heidi's trip back to vietnam and the city where her mother , mai thi kim , still lives .
a bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy .
like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy . the film is explosive , but a few of those sticks are wet .
one thing is for sure : this movie does not tell you a whole lot about lily chou-chou .
it's a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to .
arnold's jump from little screen to big will leave frowns on more than a few faces .
manages to transcend the sex , drugs and show-tunes plot into something far richer .
it is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters .
a quasi-documentary by french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music .
this 72-minute film does have some exciting scenes , but it's a tad slow .
the movie is essentially a series of fleetingly interesting actors' moments .
the film's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths . entirely appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .
it's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience .
broomfield reveals an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery that ties a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police force .
a mild , reluctant , thumbs down .
it's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction .
why spend $9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ?
all in all , the count of monte cristo is okay , but it is surely no classic , like the novel upon which it is based .
spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but it lacks a strong narrative .
[broomfield] uncovers a story powerful enough to leave the screen sizzling with intrigue .
an overstuffed compendium of teen-catholic-movie dogma .
a mostly tired retread of several other mob tales .
broomfield turns his distinctive 'blundering' style into something that could really help clear up the case .
call it magic realism or surrealism , but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity .
it appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .
an unremarkable , modern action/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title .
trying to figure out the rules of the country bear universe -- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax einstein's brain .
it took 19 predecessors to get this ?
the movie , directed by mick jackson , leaves no cliche unturned , from the predictable plot to the characters straight out of central casting .
if the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it--the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you're one of the lucky few who sought it out .
for all its problems . . . the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring . . . which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
not really bad so much as distasteful : we need kidnapping suspense dramas right now like we need doomsday thrillers .
ensemble movies , like soap operas , depend on empathy . if there ain't none , you have a problem .
the overall effect is less like a children's movie than a recruitment film for future hollywood sellouts .
a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor .
made me unintentionally famous — as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby . but believe it or not , it's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i've seen .
newton draws our attention like a magnet , and acts circles around her better known co-star , mark wahlberg .
i love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 . cinematic poetry showcases the city's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything .
despite its sincere acting , signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .
with youthful high spirits , tautou remains captivating throughout michele's religious and romantic quests , and she is backed by a likable cast .
lee jeong-hyang tells it so lovingly and films it so beautifully that i couldn't help being captivated by it .
a lean , deftly shot , well-acted , weirdly retro thriller that recalls a raft of '60s and '70s european-set spy pictures .
woody allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody . but i had a lot of problems with this movie .
it's clear the filmmakers weren't sure where they wanted their story to go , and even more clear that they lack the skills to get us to this undetermined destination .
…an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller .
the story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .
a movie that seems motivated more by a desire to match mortarboards with dead poets society and good will hunting than by its own story .
has little on its mind aside from scoring points with drag gags .
affectionately reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things .
when cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy giannini , madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game .
some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since " saving private ryan " have been recreated by john woo in this little-known story of native americans and their role in the second great war .
you don't have to know about music to appreciate the film's easygoing blend of comedy and romance .
in trying to be daring and original , it comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh .
i was sent a copyof this film to review on dvd . for free . i still want my money back .
what goes on for the 110 minutes of " panic room " is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals .
sandra bullock's best dramatic performance to date ( is ) almost enough to lift ( this ) thrill-kill cat-and-mouser . . . above its paint-by-numbers plot .
bow's best moments are when he's getting busy on the basketball court because that's when he really scores .
this is no " waterboy ! "
the country bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers . unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .
straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words , possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .
for a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there is precious little of either .
the feature-length stretch . . . strains the show's concept .
suffers from all the excesses of the genre .
you come away thinking not only that kate isn't very bright , but that she hasn't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another .
manages to be sweet and wickedly satisfying at the same time .
great character interaction .
a full-frontal attack on audience patience .
couldn't someone take rob schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ?
. . . the same tired old gags , modernized for the extreme sports generation . there's already been too many of these films . . .
the film flat lines when it should peak and is more missed opportunity and trifle than dark , decadent truffle .
. . . a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror .
arguably the best script that besson has written in years .
exudes the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza .
another rent installment for the ian fleming estate .
[fincher's] camera sense and assured pacing make it an above-average thriller .
a well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars .
a sequel that's much too big for its britches .
pretty darn good , despite its smarty-pants aura .
kinnear . . . gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life's ultimate losers .
undone by its overly complicated and derivative screenplay , the glacier-paced direction and the stereotypical characters .
insightfully written , delicately performed
like a veteran head cutter , barbershop is tuned in to its community .
she's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness .
the bottom line , at least in my opinion , is imposter makes a better short story than it does a film .
the result is mesmerizing -- filled with menace and squalor .
a film of quiet power .
escapism in its purest form .
it's also clear from the start that the transporter is running purely on adrenaline , and once the initial high wears off , the film's shortcomings start to shine through .
not just unlikable . disturbing . disgusting . without any redeeming value whatsoever .
it's definitely an improvement on the first blade , since it doesn't take itself so deadly seriously .
poignant and delicately complex .
if swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh .
fear dot com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds .
works better in the conception than it does in the execution . . . winds up seeming just a little too clever .
a vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition .
hip-hop has a history , and it's a metaphor for this love story .
this often-hilarious farce manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal .
griffin & co . manage to be spectacularly outrageous .
a very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be .
the director , steven shainberg , has succeeded by focusing intently on his characters , making them quirky individuals rather than figures of fun .
schaefer's . . . determination to inject farcical raunch . . . drowns out the promise of the romantic angle .
a depressingly retrograde , 'post-feminist' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women .
even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .
an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds .
while the film shuns the glamour or glitz that an american movie might demand , scherfig tosses us a romantic scenario that is just as simplistic as a hollywood production .
one key problem with these ardently christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out .
co-writer/director jonathan parker's attempts to fashion a brazil-like , hyper-real satire fall dreadfully short .
theirs is a simple and heart-warming story , full of mirth that should charm all but the most cynical .
blade ii merges bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , james bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew .
a tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre .
the magic ( and original running time ) of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki's spirited away survives intact in bv's re-voiced version .
according to the script , grant and bullock's characters are made for each other . but you'd never guess that from the performances .
this road movie gives you emotional whiplash , and you'll be glad you went along for the ride .
'aunque recurre a ciertos clichés del género , la poderosa actuación de robin williams perdona las fallas del guión . '
here's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix .
fresnadillo has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .
aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like the adventures of ford fairlane .
the engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion .
a " home alone " film that is staged like " rosemary's baby , " but is not as well-conceived as either of those films .
a slick , skillful little horror film .
director oliver parker labors so hard to whip life into the importance of being earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two .
the powerpuff girls arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact .
if this is the danish idea of a good time , prospective tourists might want to consider a different destination -- some jolly country embroiled in a bloody civil war , perhaps .
often moving and explores the discomfort inherent in the contacts between the american 'hosts' and their 'guests . '
its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there's no time to think about them anyway .
grenier is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to toback's heidegger- and nietzsche-referencing dialogue .
lasker's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther . . . realize they can't get no satisfaction without the latter .
a weird , arresting little ride .
tully is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .
the situations and jokes are as predictable and as lowbrow as the endless pratfalls the boys take in their high heels .
at its best when the guarded , resentful betty and the manipulative yet needy margot are front and center .
" its successes are also tempered with elements which prove the direct antithesis of what it gets right . "
the paradiso's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film's final ( restored ) third…emotionally belittle a cinema classic . sometimes shorter is better .
collateral damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it weren't .
try as i may , i can't think of a single good reason to see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted , 'thank you ! ' when leguizamo finally plugged an irritating character late in the movie .
a perceptive , good-natured movie .
at its best early on as it plays the culture clashes between the brothers .
. . little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic .
stephen earnhart's documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition – wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text – when it's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type .
the beauty of the piece is that it counts heart as important as humor .
the very definition of the 'small' movie , but it is a good stepping stone for director sprecher .
this one is not nearly as dreadful as expected . in fact , it's quite fun in places .
twenty years later , e . t . is still a cinematic touchstone .
hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound .
it's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast .
sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching .
a good piece of work more often than not .
a technical triumph and an extraordinary bore .
it isn't that stealing harvard is a horrible movie—if only it were that grand a failure ! it's just that it's so not-at-all-good . and i expect much more from a talent as outstanding as director bruce mcculloch .
if you're down for a silly hack-and-slash flick , you can do no wrong with jason x .
instead of building to a laugh riot we are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence .
this isn't a retooled genre piece , the tale of a guy and his gun , but an amiably idiosyncratic work .
bogs down badly as we absorb jia's moody , bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a one-note performance .
what jackson has accomplished here is amazing on a technical level .
since lee is a sentimentalist , the film is more worshipful than your random e ! true hollywood story .
i love the way that it took chances and really asks you to take these great leaps of faith and pays off .
the iditarod lasts for days - this just felt like it did .
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient .
i felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes .
waydowntown manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it .
infidelity drama is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by diane lane .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
you see robert de niro singing - and dancing to - west side story show tunes . choose your reaction : a . ) that sure is funny ! b . ) that sure is pathetic !
a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery .
it's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking .
talky , artificial and opaque . . . an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture .
" auto focus " works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the playboy era
[i]f you've been to more than one indie flick in your life , chances are you've already seen this kind of thing .
i hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art .
pumpkin takes an admirable look at the hypocrisy of political correctness , but it does so with such an uneven tone that you never know when humor ends and tragedy begins .
. . . creates a visceral sense of its characters' lives and conflicted emotions that carries it far above . . . what could have been a melodramatic , lifetime channel-style anthology .
delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for .
the draw [for " big bad love " ] is a solid performance by arliss howard .
the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece .
what it lacks in originality it makes up for in effective if cheap moments of fright and dread .
replacing john carpenter's stylish tracking shots is degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage . of all the halloween's , this is the most visually unappealing .
an utterly compelling 'who wrote it' in which the reputation of the most famous author who ever lived comes into question .
[sam's] self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining .
if the idea of the white man arriving on foreign shores to show wary natives the true light is abhorrent to you , the simplistic heaven will quite likely be more like hell .
the events of the film are just so weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next .
has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short , tries its best to hide the fact that seagal's overweight and out of shape .
a real snooze .
for all the wit and hoopla , festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .
the entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another . about half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal .
feels at times like a giant commercial for universal studios , where much of the action takes place .
novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .
despite the fact that this film wasn't as bad as i thought it was going to be , it's still not a good movie
consider the title's clunk-on-the-head that suggests the overtime someone put in to come up with an irritatingly unimaginative retread concept .
it's a good film , but it falls short of its aspiration to be a true 'epic' .
mindless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline .
the film's desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality .
the film is just a big , gorgeous , mind-blowing , breath-taking mess .
if you collected all the moments of coherent dialogue , they still wouldn't add up to the time required to boil a four- minute egg .
rather quickly , the film falls into a soothing formula of brotherly conflict and reconciliation .
this is a children's film in the truest sense . it's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it's great for the kids . parents , on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all times , and there isn't enough clever innuendo to fil
the best thing the film does is to show us not only what that mind looks like , but how the creative process itself operates .
sweet gentle jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ?
two hours fly by -- opera's a pleasure when you don't have to endure intermissions -- and even a novice to the form comes away exhilarated .
despite the authenticity of the trappings , the film is overblown in its plotting , hackneyed in its dialogue and anachronistic in its style .
too restrained to be a freak show , too mercenary and obvious to be cerebral , too dull and pretentious to be engaging . . . the isle defies an easy categorization .
it's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix's .
as it abruptly crosscuts among the five friends , it fails to lend the characters' individual stories enough dramatic resonance to make us care about them .
the movie's quiet affirmation of neighborhood values gives it an honest , lived-in glow .
like the best of godard's movies . . . it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .
i'm just too bored to care .
we need [moore's] noisy , cocky energy , his passion and class consciousness ; we need his shticks , we need his stones .
from the big giant titles of the opening credits to elmer bernstein's perfectly melodic score , haynes gets just about everything right .
the re-release of ron howard's apollo 13 in the imax format proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages .
it makes me feel weird / thinking about all the bad things in the world / like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens
the film favors the scientific over the spectacular ( visually speaking ) .
[denis'] bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product .
this is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller .
secret ballot is too contemplative to be really funny .
using an endearing cast , writer/director dover kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred .
half of it is composed of snappy patter and pseudo-sophisticated cultural observations , while the remainder . . . would be more at home on a daytime television serial .
it's the chemistry between the women and the droll scene-stealing wit and wolfish pessimism of anna chancellor that makes this " two weddings and a funeral " fun .
with not a lot of help from the screenplay ( proficient , but singularly cursory ) , [testud] acts with the feral intensity of the young bette davis .
a charming romantic comedy that is by far the lightest dogme film and among the most enjoyable .
has it ever been possible to say that williams has truly inhabited a character ? it is now .
for all its impressive craftsmanship , and despite an overbearing series of third-act crescendos , lily chou-chou never really builds up a head of emotional steam .
it's a stunning lyrical work of considerable force and truth .
a predictable and stereotypical little b-movie .
the picture , scored by a perversely cheerful marcus miller accordion/harmonica/banjo abomination , is a monument to bad in all its florid variety .
an amused indictment of jaglom's own profession .
the writing is clever and the cast is appealing .
pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god in the fifth trek flick .
the delicious trimmings…arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute…with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two .
its mysteries are transparently obvious , and it's too slowly paced to be a thriller . [but it's] worth recommending because of two marvelous performances by michael caine and brendan fraser .
chilling but uncommercial look into the mind of jeffrey dahmer , serial killer .
stuart's poor-me persona needs a whole bunch of snowball's cynicism to cut through the sugar coating . but once the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan , the adventure is on red alert .
the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , for technical flaws to get in the way .
a distinguished and thoughtful film , marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .
despite a powerful portrayal by binoche , it's a period romance that suffers from an overly deliberate pace and uneven narrative momentum .
if only the story about a multi-million dollar con bothered to include the con .
the acting alone is worth the price of admission .
. . . think of it as american pie on valium .
the film's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise .
it tells more than it shows .
. . . pays tribute to heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards--with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism .
a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling .
gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it's not clear whether we're supposed to shriek or laugh .
the messages of compassion and mercy are clearly , squarely and specifically expounded via computer animated old testament tale of jonah and the whale . determined to be fun , and bouncy , with energetic musicals , the humor didn't quite engage this adult .
skip this dreck , rent animal house and go back to the source .
like most of jaglom's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand .
the touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible .
the movie takes itself too seriously and , as a result , it makes for only intermittent fun .
novak manages to capture a cruelly hilarious vein of black comedy in the situation with his cast of non-actors and a gritty , no-budget approach .
it leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors .
if borstal boy isn't especially realistic , it is an engaging nostalgia piece .
mike leigh populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
passions , obsessions , and loneliest dark spots are pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone .
in auteil's less dramatic but equally incisive performance , he's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .
a hamfisted romantic comedy that makes our girl the hapless facilitator of an extended cheap shot across the mason-dixon line .
while it may not add up to the sum of its parts , holofcener's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often .
nothing denis has made before , like beau travil and nenette et boni , could prepare us for this gory , perverted , sex-soaked riff on the cannibal genre .
imamura has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women . it may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .
a really funny fifteen-minute short stretched beyond its limits to fill an almost feature-length film .
grainy photography mars an otherwise delightful comedy of errors .
less cinematically powerful than quietly and deeply moving , which is powerful in itself .
the film affords us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry , but ram dass : fierce grace doesn't organize it with any particular insight .
it does give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity .
. . . would be a total loss if not for two supporting performances taking place at the movie's edges .
a fascinating but choppy documentary .
if you're not a prepubescent girl , you'll be laughing at britney spears' movie-starring debut whenever it doesn't have you impatiently squinting at your watch .
for each chuckle there are at least 10 complete misses , many coming from the amazingly lifelike tara reid , whose acting skills are comparable to a cardboard cutout .
outrageousness is all plympton seemed to be going for this time . we miss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride .
a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so . the movie is without intent .
the charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids .
worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees .
miyazaki is one of world cinema's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .
fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees .
if you're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver's license , you should be able to find better entertainment .
more timely than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .
star/producer salma hayek and director julie taymor have infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .
it extends the writings of jean genet and john rechy , the films of fassbinder , perhaps even the nocturnal works of goya .
not as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort .
a string of rehashed sight gags based in insipid vulgarity .
while dutifully pulling on heartstrings , directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix .
it looks much more like a cartoon in the end than the simpsons ever has .
. . . takes the beauty of baseball and melds it with a story that could touch anyone regardless of their familiarity with the sport
the trick when watching godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them .
. . . hypnotically dull .
i loved the look of this film .
the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome .
despite the premise of a good story . . . it wastes all its star power on cliched or meaningless roles .
an amusing , breezily apolitical documentary about life on the campaign trail .
criminal conspiracies and true romances move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama .
a droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the lone star state .
this time mr . burns is trying something in the martin scorsese street-realist mode , but his self-regarding sentimentality trips him up again .
an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product .
the whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas .
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for gai's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her .
a rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation .
a worthy entry into a very difficult genre .
skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil .
the comedy death to smoochy is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience .
i saw knockaround guys yesterday , and already the details have faded like photographs from the spanish-american war . . . it's so unmemorable that it turned my ballpoint notes to invisible ink .
how on earth , or anywhere else , did director ron underwood manage to blow $100 million on this ?
there's something not entirely convincing about the quiet american . and that holds true for both the movie and the title character played by brendan fraser .
this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men .
baby-faced renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within .
a sudsy cautionary tale .
a fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film's ability to make its subject interesting to those who aren't part of its supposed target audience . judging by those standards , 'scratch' is a pretty decent little documentary .
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst .
woody , what happened ?
the cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , shows deft comic timing .
in the book-on-tape market , the film of " the kid stays in the picture " would be an abridged edition
the film is all over the place , really . it dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum .
any chekhov is better than no chekhov , but it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years .
you won't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies .
trailer park magnolia : too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and possessed of that peculiar tension of being too dense & about nothing at all .
everything that was right about blade is wrong in its sequel .
charles' entertaining film chronicles seinfeld's return to stand-up comedy after the wrap of his legendary sitcom , alongside wannabe comic adams' attempts to get his shot at the big time .
one of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre .
nothing more than four or five mild chuckles surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy .
what's next ? the porky's revenge : ultimate edition ?
attempts by this ensemble film to impart a message are so heavy-handed that they instead pummel the audience .
the entire movie is in need of a scented bath .
an old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue .
a well-intentioned effort that's still too burdened by the actor's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility .
just how extreme are these ops ? i regret to report that these ops are just not extreme enough .
there ain't a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it's hilarious .
this is an action movie with an action icon who's been all but decommissioned .
a muckraking job , the cinematic equivalent of a legal indictment , and a fairly effective one at that .
is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ?
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions .
it never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .
a finely tuned mood piece , a model of menacing atmosphere .
[l]ame and unnecessary .
while you have to admit it's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out " when you're a jet , you're a jet all the way , " it's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to " tonight . "
there are simply too many ideas floating around -- part farce , part sliding doors , part pop video -- and yet failing to exploit them .
this is a picture that maik , the firebrand turned savvy ad man , would be envious of : it hijacks the heat of revolution and turns it into a sales tool .
münch's genuine insight makes the film's occasional overindulgence forgivable .
if you're part of her targeted audience , you'll cheer . otherwise , maybe .
this stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .
interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring .
the kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .
it's funny , as the old saying goes , because it's true .
a monster combat thriller as impersonal in its relentlessness as the videogame series that inspired it .
this one is a few bits funnier than malle's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks .
scorsese at his best makes gangster films that are equally lovely but also relentlessly brutal and brutally intelligent ; perdition , meanwhile , reads more like driving miss daisy than goodfellas .
a tone poem of transgression .
enough trivializes an important crisis , reduces it to an almost comic embarrassment .
the movie doesn't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us .
yet another movie which presumes that high school social groups are at war , let alone conscious of each other's existence .
the film meant well in its horse tale about freedom , but wasn't able to reach the heart because it was too overbearing .
jackson is always watchable .
it's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that's been given the drive of a narrative and that's been acted out -- the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work .
ryan gosling . . . is at 22 a powerful young actor .
this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love has its rewards .
as tricky and satisfying as any of david mamet's airless cinematic shell games .
never once predictable .
extremely well acted by the four primary actors , this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .
it follows the basic plot trajectory of nearly every schwarzenegger film : someone crosses arnie . arnie blows things up .
a complete waste of time .
with the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like tremors , eight legged freaks is prime escapist fare .
a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense .
this illuminating documentary transcends our preconceived vision of the holy land and its inhabitants , revealing the human complexities beneath .
the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him . . . there is never really a true " us " versus " them " .
a strong first quarter , slightly less so second quarter , and average second half .
if you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign . an exit sign , that is .
there is no denying the power of polanski's film . . .
a blessed gift to film geeks and historians . if the '70's were your idea of a good time at the movies , this will make you very happy .
dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material .
impostor has a handful of thrilling moments and a couple of good performances , but the movie doesn't quite fly . for starters , the story is just too slim .
the film thrusts the inchoate but already eldritch christian right propaganda machine into national media circles .
we haven't seen such hilarity since say it isn't so !
an acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 , but it's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald's , let alone some savvy street activism .
a solid , psychological action film from hong kong .
drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story .
even if you can't pronounce " gyro " correctly , you'll appreciate much of vardalos' humor , which transcends ethnic boundaries .
despite some gulps the film is a fuzzy huggy .
it's a film that hinges on its casting , and glover really doesn't fit the part .
it's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction .
'dragonfly' is a movie about a bus wreck that turns into a film wreck .
the movie is obviously a labour of love so howard appears to have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted .
how much you are moved by the emotional tumult of [françois and michèle's] relationship depends a lot on how interesting and likable you find them .
if damon and affleck attempt another project greenlight , next time out they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .
purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging . oh , and more entertaining , too .
for casual moviegoers who stumble into rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson's creek , they'll probably run out screaming .
a loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target .
if you're a crocodile hunter fan , you'll enjoy at least the " real " portions of the film . if you're looking for a story , don't bother .
we have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat .
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible .
even during the climactic hourlong cricket match , boredom never takes hold .
assured , vital and well wrought , the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong's versatile stanley kwan .
follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun .
it's as close as we'll ever come to looking through a photographer's viewfinder as he works .
director clare kilner's debut is never as daft as it should have been .
it is amusing , and that's all it needs to be .
the movie's gloomy atmosphere is fascinating , though , even if the movie itself doesn't stand a ghost of a chance .
plays as hollow catharsis , with lots of tears but very little in the way of insights .
son of the bride may be a good half-hour too long but comes replete with a flattering sense of mystery and quietness .
what lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america . . . sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
the first fatal attraction was vile enough . do we really need the tiger beat version ?
a characteristically engorged and sloppy coming-of-age movie .
the pairing does sound promising in theory . . . but their lack of chemistry makes eddie murphy and robert deniro in showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners .
ritchie may not have a novel thought in his head , but he knows how to pose madonna .
if you're willing to have fun with it , you won't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful .
recalls quiet freak-outs like l'avventura and repulsion .
completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that i'm not sure could be a single iota worse . . . a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .
although there are several truly jolting scares , there's also an abundance of hackneyed dialogue and more silly satanic business than you can shake a severed limb at .
one scene after another in this supposedly funny movie falls to the floor with a sickening thud .
instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral , schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .
but this is lohman's film . her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks .
fans of the animated wildlife adventure show will be in warthog heaven ; others need not necessarily apply .
a profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility .
fans of the tv series will be disappointed , and everyone else will be slightly bored .
a simple , but gritty and well-acted ensemble drama that encompasses a potent metaphor for a country still dealing with its fascist past .
nervy and sensitive , it taps into genuine artistic befuddlement , and at the same time presents a scathing indictment of what drives hollywood .
there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch .
displaying about equal amounts of naiveté , passion and talent , beneath clouds establishes sen as a filmmaker of considerable potential .
mcconaughey's fun to watch , the dragons are okay , not much fire in the script .
what time is it there ? is not easy . it haunts you , you can't forget it , you admire its conception and are able to resolve some of the confusions you had while watching it .
surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it .
ice age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and that makes for some glacial pacing early on .
el título no engaña : la película narra una historia donde una mujer enfrentará cierta realidad , y donde el sexo es . . .
by the end , you just don't care whether that cold-hearted snake petrovich ( that would be reno ) gets his comeuppance . just bring on the battle bots , please !
gangs , despite the gravity of its subject matter , is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western .
visually fascinating . . . an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty .
feels haphazard , as if the writers mistakenly thought they could achieve an air of frantic spontaneity by simply tossing in lots of characters doing silly stuff and stirring the pot .
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms . ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh's book trainspotting .
could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film ?
girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy .
achieves a sort of filmic epiphany that revels in the true potential of the medium .
there's little to recommend snow dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .
despite the film's bizarre developments , hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character's gripping humanity .
it's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there tolstoy groupies out there ? it's dark and tragic , and lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
he's the scariest guy you'll see all summer .
. . . flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags .
a flick about our infantilized culture that isn't entirely infantile .
opera on film is never satisfactory . the art demands live viewing . the innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen .
it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that's more or less how it plays out .
the film's overall mood and focus is interesting but constantly unfulfilling .
there is no entry portal in the rules of attraction , and i spent most of the movie feeling depressed by the shallow , selfish , greedy characters .
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged .
the hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband is simply too overdone .
a cheerful enough but imminently forgettable rip-off of [besson's] earlier work .
it has become apparent that the franchise's best years are long past .
just plain silly .
the structure is simple , but in its own way , rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings .
thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances , the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods .
the film has several strong performances .
the story and structure are well-honed . fresnadillo's dark and jolting images have a way of plying into your subconscious like the nightmare you had a week ago that won't go away .
i could just feel the screenwriter at every moment 'tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away' on this screenplay .
it establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout .
in spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers , apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice .
never capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance .
it made me want to wrench my eyes out of my head and toss them at the screen .
a semi-autobiographical film that's so sloppily written and cast that you cannot believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it .
the laughs are as rare as snake foo yung .
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing .
humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention .
the santa clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids , but i've got to give it thumbs down .
that the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog is not an out of place metaphor .
viewed on its own terms , treasure planet is better-than-average family entertainment , but true fans of the stevenson's novel will likely prefer disney's more faithful 1950 live-action swashbuckling classic .
whatever satire lucky break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the " soon-to-be-forgettable " section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile . it's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
this is the first full scale wwii flick from hong kong's john woo . he's not good with people .
. . . the one thing this wild film has that other imax films don't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house . that's fun for kids of any age .
showtime is closer to slowtime .
an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent .
the overall vibe is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors .
this is junk food cinema at its greasiest .
halloween : resurrection isn't exactly quality cinema , but it isn't nearly as terrible as it cold have been .
it's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing .
ah , the travails of metropolitan life ! alas , another breathless movie about same !
drowning's too good for this sucker .
this starts off with a 1950's doris day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast . the first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year !
for all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters , the heart of the film rests in the relationship between sullivan and his son .
[westbrook] makes a wonderful subject for the camera .
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came .
the tug-of-war at the core of beijing bicycle becomes weighed down with agonizing contrivances , overheated pathos and long , wistful gazes .
we never really feel involved with the story , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas .
rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results . last dance , whatever its flaws , fulfills one facet of its mission in making me want to find out whether , in this case , that's true .
'easily my choice for one of the year's best films . '
argento , at only 26 , brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock .
this is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic .
anyone who's ever suffered under a martinet music instructor has no doubt fantasized about what an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved . these people are really going to love the piano teacher .
mctiernan's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious .
it's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it's all about the silences and if you're into that , have at it .
the best comedy concert movie i've seen since cho's previous concert comedy film , i'm the one that i want , in 2000 .
rock's stand-up magic wanes . hopkins , squarely fills the screen . action - mechanical .
the only excitement comes when the credits finally roll and you get to leave the theater .
the movie is too cute to take itself too seriously , but it still feels like it was made by some very stoned college students .
so routine , familiar and predictable , it raises the possibility that it wrote itself as a newly automated final draft computer program .
it's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of [woo's] best work .
as is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , mr . murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .
[d]oesn't bother being as cloying or preachy as equivalent evangelical christian movies -- maybe the filmmakers know that the likely audience will already be among the faithful .
not only unfunny , but downright repellent .
the overall feel is not unlike watching a glorified episode of " 7th heaven . "
so genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen . it never is , not fully .
poignant japanese epic about adolescent anomie and heartbreak .
dazzles with its fully-written characters , its determined stylishness ( which always relates to characters and story ) and johnny dankworth's best soundtrack in years .
the story wraps back around on itself in the kind of elegant symmetry that's rare in film today , but be warned : it's a slow slog to get there .
unlike most surf movies , blue crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave . by the end you can't help but feel 'stoked . '
delivers roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information .
. . . a plotline that's as lumpy as two-day old porridge . . . the filmmakers' paws , sad to say , were all over this " un-bear-able " project !
absolutely ( and unintentionally ) terrifying .
appropriately cynical social commentary aside , #9 never quite ignites .
the actors pull out all the stops in nearly every scene , but to diminishing effect . the characters never change .
here polanski looks back on those places he saw at childhood , and captures them by freeing them from artefact , and by showing them heartbreakingly drably .
whether writer-director anne fontaine's film is a ghost story , an account of a nervous breakdown , a trip down memory lane , all three or none of the above , it is as seductive as it is haunting .
one of the funnier movies in town .
despite all the talking , by the time the bloody climax arrives we still don't feel enough of an attachment to these guys to care one way or another .
too bad writer-director adam rifkin situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle's carpets .
blithely anachronistic and slyly achronological .
daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty , biggie and tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation .
a very depressing movie of many missed opportunities .
savvy director robert j . siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense .
given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors' workshop that it is .
burns' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off .
heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart .
raimi and his team couldn't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen .
parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .
a difficult but worthy film that bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre of armenians in 1915 with some difficult relationships in the present .
an incredibly low-rent danish film , it brings a group of people together in a sweet and charming way , if a little convenient
a frisky and fresh romantic comedy exporing sexual politics and the challenges of friendships between women .
impostor can't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .
looks awfully like one long tourist spot for a mississippi that may never have existed outside of a scriptwriter's imagination .
a pure participatory event that malnourished intellectuals will gulp down in a frenzy .
admirably ambitious but self-indulgent .
it could change america , not only because it is full of necessary discussion points , but because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment .
adams , with four scriptwriters , takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel .
a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem .
an incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic .
even these tales of just seven children seem at times too many , although in reality they are not enough . every child's story is what matters . this film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost .
an uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening .
shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , devils chronicles , with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .
overly stylized with lots of flash black-&-white freeze frames reminiscent of a pseudo-hip luxury car commercial , ( it's ) at its worst when it's actually inside the ring .
i found myself liking the film , though in this case one man's treasure could prove to be another man's garbage .
at first , the sight of a blind man directing a film is hilarious , but as the film goes on , the joke wears thin .
somewhat blurred , but kinnear's performance is razor sharp .
a thriller made from a completist's checklist rather than with a cultist's passion .
collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence .
this is such a high-energy movie where the drumming and the marching are so excellent , who cares if the story's a little weak .
it's no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .
like a skillful fisher , the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .
birthday girl doesn't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency .
the four feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox .
alex nohe's documentary plays like a travelogue for what mostly resembles a real-life , big-budget nc-17 version of tank girl .
it's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic . unfortunately , that's precisely what arthur dong's family fundamentals does .
as allen's execution date closes in , the documentary gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator david presson .
'dragonfly' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .
it offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment .
the 3d images only enhance the film's otherworldly quality , giving it a strange combo of you-are-there closeness with the disorienting unreality of the seemingly broken-down fourth wall of the movie screen .
no amount of arty theorizing -- the special effects are 'german-expressionist , ' according to the press notes -- can render it anything but laughable .
the plot has a number of holes , and at times it's simply baffling .
a modestly comic , modestly action-oriented world war ii adventure that , in terms of authenticity , is one of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight .
spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : it actually improves upon the original hit movie .
the emotions are raw and will strike a nerve with anyone who's ever had family trauma .
do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ?
triumph of love is a very silly movie , but the silliness has a pedigree .
humor in i spy is so anemic .
the strong subject matter continues to shock throughout the film . not everyone will play the dark , challenging tune taught by the piano teacher .
. . . the sum of the parts equals largely a confused mediocrity .
this tuxedo . . . should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations .
with all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen . . . his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles .
this film is so slick , superficial and trend-hoppy , that it's easy to imagine that a new software program spit out the screenplay .
a bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events .
the film's gamble to occasionally break up the live-action scenes with animated sequences pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter .
the issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it's impossible to care .
it turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning .
a supernatural mystery that doesn't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama . it ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors .
a searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be , horrifyingly , ever on the rise .
[sports] admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency .
the last 20 minutes are somewhat redeeming , but most of the movie is the same teenage american road-trip drek we've seen before - only this time you have to read the fart jokes
stealing harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .
bogdanovich puts history in perspective and , via kirsten dunst's remarkable performance , he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy .
could as easily have been called 'under siege 3 : in alcatraz' . . . a cinematic corpse that never springs to life .
is " ballistic " worth the price of admission ? absolutely not . it sucked . would i see it again ? please see previous answer .
the story bogs down in a mess of purposeless violence .
i'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche .
the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough .
simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , the last kiss is really all about performances .
though avary has done his best to make something out of ellis' nothing novel , in the end , his rules is barely worth following .
the tug of war that ensues is as much a snapshot of modern china in microcosm as it is a crash course in movie mythology .
the all-french cast is marveilleux .
prurient playthings aside , there's little to love about this english trifle .
holland lets things peter out midway , but it's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals .
the leads are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer's secondhand material .
this toothless dog , already on cable , loses all bite on the big screen .
alarms for duvall's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks .
much like robin williams , death to smoochy has already reached its expiration date .
like a documentary version of fight club , shorn of social insight , intellectual pretension and cinematic interest .
though jones and snipes are enthralling , the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliché .
it's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just can't take it any more .
what full frontal lacks in thematic coherence it largely makes up for as loosey-goosey , experimental entertainment . still , i'm not quite sure what the point is…
a porn film without the sex scenes .
shainberg weaves a carefully balanced scenario that is controlled by neither character , is weirdly sympathetic to both and manages to be tender and darkly comic .
it's better than the phantom menace . but unless you're an absolute raving star wars junkie , it isn't much fun .
'linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde will suck up to this project . . . '
suffers from a decided lack of creative storytelling .
robin williams departs from his fun friendly demeanor in exchange for a darker unnerving role .
what happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ?
the tone is balanced , reflective and reasonable .
about as cutting-edge as pet rock : the movie .
[screenwriter] pimental took the farrelly brothers comedy and feminized it , but it is a rather poor imitation .
what would jesus do if he was a film director ? he'd create a movie better than this .
spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning .
it has all the excitement of eating oatmeal .
proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness .
a worthy idea , but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school tv special .
denzel washington's efforts are sunk by all the sanctimony .
the humor and humanity of monsoon wedding are in perfect balance .
flat , misguided comedy .
the film is really not so much bad as bland .
like a poor man's you can count on me
it's clear that mehta simply wanted to update her beloved genre for the thousands of indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent .
for a film about explosions and death and spies , " ballistic : ecks vs . sever " seems as safe as a children's film . well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies .
when the movie mixes the cornpone and the cosa nostra , it finds a nice rhythm .
nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme .
delivers more than its fair share of saucy hilarity .
there's suspension of disbelief and then there's bad screenwriting . . . this film packs a wallop of the latter .
pure of intention and passably diverting , his secret life is light , innocuous and unremarkable .
i like this movie a lot . i like that smith , he's not making fun of these people , he's not laughing at them .
one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved .
it believes it's revealing some great human truths , when , in reality , it's churning ground that has long passed the point of being fertile .
an encouraging effort from mccrudden
so few movies explore religion that it's disappointing to see one reduce it to an idea that fits in a sampler .
hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity .
involves two mysteries -- one it gives away and the other featuring such badly drawn characters that its outcome hardly matters .
even when he's not at his most critically insightful , godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .
a gimmick in search of a movie : how to get carvey into as many silly costumes and deliver as many silly voices as possible , plot mechanics be damned .
family portrait of need , neurosis and nervy negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking .
the pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie . and diesel isn't the actor to save it .
it's a scattershot affair , but when it hits its mark it's brilliant .
the real question this movie poses is not 'who ? ' but 'why ? '
it's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) , and barry's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile .
dense and enigmatic . . . elusive . . . stagy and stilted
none of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest .
i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale's tale -- you won't be sorry !
what makes barbershop so likable , with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .
o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing .
roman coppola may never become the filmmaker his dad was , but heck – few filmmakers will . but based on cq , i'll certainly be keeping an eye out for his next project .
looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights .
austin powers for the most part is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later .
perhaps even the slc high command found writer-director mitch davis's wall of kitsch hard going .
the strength of the film comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .
according to wendigo , 'nature' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves .
van wilder has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest .
a strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two
definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the roman colosseum .
five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before .
it's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit .
it plays like a big-budget , after-school special with a generous cast , who at times lift the material from its well-meaning clunkiness .
perhaps the most annoying thing about who is cletis tout ? is that it's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime .
the best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast .
an average coming-of-age tale elevated by the wholesome twist of a pesky mother interfering during her son's discovery of his homosexuality .
where the film falters is in its tone .
one of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while . . .
begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .
wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own .
. . . hokey art house pretension .
. . . a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy . . .
john leguizamo may be a dramatic actor -- just not in this movie .
shafer's feature doesn't offer much in terms of plot or acting .
this is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .
. . . there's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise .
[a] slummer .
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its power comes from its soul's-eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case .
this kind of dark comedy requires a delicate , surgical touch . but director danny devito and screenwriter adam resnick ( remember cabin boy ? ) just pound away .
the film tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip . the end result is a film that's neither .
this cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell .
yo , it's the days of our lives meets electric boogaloo .
. . . bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film .
the rare movie that's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it's based .
a trashy , exploitative , thoroughly unpleasant experience .
has a lot of the virtues of eastwood at his best .
the movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark ms . bullock's best work in some time .
hart's war seems to want to be a character study , but apparently can't quite decide which character .
lends itself to the narcotizing bland ( sinister , though not nearly so sinister as the biennial disney girl movie ) machinations of the biennial disney boy movie .
suggests puns about ingredients and soup and somebody being off their noodle , but let's just say the ingredients don't quite add up to a meal .
the work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims .
spousal abuse is a major problem in contemporary society , but the film reduces this domestic tragedy to florid melodrama .
a spellbinding african film about the modern condition of rootlessness , a state experienced by millions around the globe .
this version incarnates the prophetic book in a way even its exacting author might admire .
mildly entertaining .
it's difficult to discern if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent electra rebellion .
includes too much obvious padding .
a restrained ribisi convinces as an italian , though if ever a movie needed one of the actor's whiny jags to pump it up , this has to be among the rare ones .
it's difficult to say whether the tuxedo is more boring or embarrassing--i'm prepared to call it a draw .
washington overcomes the script's flaws and envelops the audience in his character's anguish , anger and frustration .
has no reason to exist , other than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .
a touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by michel piccoli .
does what should seem impossible : it makes serial killer jeffrey dahmer boring .
nice piece of work .
a strangely compelling and brilliantly acted psychological drama .
watching beanie and his gang put together his slasher video from spare parts and borrowed materials is as much fun as it must have been for them to make it .
all ms . jovovich , as the sanctified heroine , has to do is look radiant , grimly purposeful and mildly alarmed while forcing open doors , wielding wrenches and fleeing monsters .
like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they're struggling to create .
meandering , sub-aquatic mess : it's so bad it's good , but only if you slide in on a freebie .
deliberately and skillfully uses ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance .
thoroughly awful .
the pinochet case is a searing album of remembrance from those who , having survived , suffered most .
the movie is amateurish , but it's a minor treat .
in its ragged , cheap and unassuming way , the movie works .
a hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life .
the impact of the armenian genocide is diluted by too much stage business in the modern day .
forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year - she should get all five .
clare peploe's airless movie adaptation could use a little american pie-like irreverence .
occasionally funny , sometimes inspiring , often boring .
the limited sets and small confined and dark spaces also are homages to a classic low-budget film noir movie .
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it's the worst movie i've seen this summer .
if signs is a good film , and it is , the essence of a great one is in there somewhere .
the problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay .
offers an unusual opportunity to observe the inequities in the death penalty , not just the inherent immorality but also the haphazard administration of it and public misperception of how the whole thing works .
frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances . . . keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease .
. . . has freaky scenes where the crew wonder if they're ghosts imagining themselves as alive . it's a sly wink to the others without becoming a postmodern joke , made creepy by its " men in a sardine can " warped logic .
the sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once .
may seriously impair your ability to ever again maintain a straight face while speaking to a highway patrolman .
one of [herzog's] least inspired works .
[dong] makes a valiant effort to understand everyone's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up .
while kids will probably eat the whole thing up , most adults will be way ahead of the plot .
an engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement .
some movies are like a tasty hors-d'oeuvre ; this one is a feast .
one funny popcorn flick .
an enjoyable experience .
serving sara doesn't serve up a whole lot of laughs .
branagh , in his most forceful non-shakespeare screen performance , grounds even the softest moments in the angry revolt of his wit .
at once disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious .
rare is the 'urban comedy' that even attempts the insight and honesty of this disarming indie .
horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it isn't incomprehensible .
ramsay , as in ratcatcher , remains a filmmaker with an acid viewpoint and a real gift for teasing chilly poetry out of lives and settings that might otherwise seem drab and sordid .
somewhere in the middle , the film compels , as demme experiments he harvests a few movie moment gems , but the field of roughage dominates .
the film is exhilarating to watch because sandler , liberated from the constraints of formula , reveals unexpected depths as an actor .
what little grace [rifkin's] tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics .
it's like an old warner bros . costumer jived with sex -- this could be the movie errol flynn always wanted to make , though bette davis , cast as joan , would have killed him .
the wanton slipperiness of * corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .
a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002's first great film
one minute , you think you're watching a serious actioner ; the next , it's as though clips from the pink panther strikes again and/or sailor moon have been spliced in .
it ain't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year's lame musketeer , this dumas adaptation entertains .
nicks , seemingly uncertain what's going to make people laugh , runs the gamut from stale parody to raunchy sex gags to formula romantic comedy .
a sad , superior human comedy played out on the back roads of life .
go , girls , right down the reality drain .
it's all entertaining enough , but don't look for any hefty anti-establishment message in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper .
more than simply a portrait of early extreme sports , this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution is a skateboard film as social anthropology . . .
you live the mood rather than savour the story .
it's a bittersweet and lyrical mix of elements .
[carvey's] characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark .
it's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness .
its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary .
woefully pretentious .
smothered by its own solemnity .
like the world of his film , hartley created a monster but didn't know how to handle it .
it's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , but it's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through .
while the production details are lavish , film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation .
robert harmon's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in -the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film's thick shadows .
. . . a joke at once flaky and resonant , lightweight and bizarrely original .
even if britney spears is really cute , her movie is really bad .
a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives .
claude miller airs out a tight plot with an easy pace and a focus on character drama over crime-film complications .
nasty , ugly , pointless and depressing , even if you hate clowns .
[a] mess .
it's a masterpiece .
i enjoyed time of favor while i was watching it , but i was surprised at how quickly it faded from my memory .
sweet home alabama isn't going to win any academy awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts .
an afterschool special without the courage of its convictions .
what doesn't this film have that an impressionable kid couldn't stand to hear ?
some of seagal's action pictures are guilty pleasures , but this one is so formulaic that it seems to be on auto-pilot .
peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte could want .
a beautiful , entertaining two hours . you get the idea , though , that kapur intended the film to be more than that .
contradicts everything we've come to expect from movies nowadays . instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way , secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way .
fessenden's narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy .
sorvino is delightful in the central role . she nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .
has far more energy , wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a " 2 " at the end of its title .
my wife's plotting is nothing special ; it's the delivery that matters here .
if you thought tom hanks was just an ordinary big-screen star , wait until you've seen him eight stories tall .
despite all evidence to the contrary , this clunker has somehow managed to pose as an actual feature movie , the kind that charges full admission and gets hyped on tv and purports to amuse small children and ostensible adults .
conforms itself with creating a game of 'who's who' . . . where the characters' moves are often more predictable than their consequences .
ray liotta and jason patric do some of their best work in their underwritten roles , but don't be fooled : nobody deserves any prizes here .
the disarming cornball atmosphere has a way of infecting the entire crowd as the film rolls on .
passable entertainment , but it's the kind of motion picture that won't make much of a splash when it's released , and will not be remembered long afterwards .
a chronicle not only of one man's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign's end , an extended publicity department .
this film seems thirsty for reflection , itself taking on adolescent qualities .
unless bob crane is someone of particular interest to you , this film's impressive performances and adept direction aren't likely to leave a lasting impression .
an intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them .
the film seems a dead weight . the lack of pace kills it , although , in a movie about cancer , this might be apt .
. . . blade ii is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .
too often , the viewer isn't reacting to humor so much as they are wincing back in repugnance .
it's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke .
más sarcástica , divertida y demencial que su predecesora , es un buen ejemplo de lo que es el cine de entretenimiento puro y sin complejos .
what's at stake in this film is nothing more than an obsolete , if irritating , notion of class .
nicolas philibert observes life inside a one-room schoolhouse in northern france in his documentary to be and to have , easily one of the best films of the year .
campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful .
this is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout . even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life , the mood remains oddly detached .
chouraqui brings documentary-like credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of 'ethnic cleansing . '
whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv , they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck .
shot perhaps 'artistically' with handheld cameras and apparently no movie lights by joaquin baca-asay , the low-budget production swings annoyingly between vertigo and opacity .
robinson's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that clancy creates .
carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , 'if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . '
even the digressions are funny .
forget the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this won't seem like such a bore .
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 .
what will , most likely , turn out to be the most repellent movie of 2002 .
an intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives .
touché !
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia .
it's getting harder and harder to ignore the fact that hollywood isn't laughing with us , folks . it's laughing at us .
to paraphrase a line from another dickens' novel , nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .
this quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking .
lurid and less than lucid work .
a wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching .
despite its promising cast of characters , big trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that 'zany' doesn't necessarily mean 'funny . '
the production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating .
the worst film of the year .
as directed by dani kouyate of burkina faso , sia lacks visual flair . but kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them .
it's tommy's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you'll feel like mopping up , too .
has a long and clunky ending . . . which forces the audience to fidget through ten pseudo-serious minutes while waiting for the ending credits and the deleted scenes montage to break the audience's awkward silence
a lackluster , unessential sequel to the classic disney adaptation of j . m . barrie's peter pan .
anchored by friel and williams's exceptional performances , the film's power lies in its complexity . nothing is black and white .
arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation .
abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed . the only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .
left me with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of charlotte's web of desire and desperation .
. . . if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you're in for a painful ride .
the film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative .
much credit must be given to the water-camera operating team of don king , sonny miller , and michael stewart . their work is fantastic .
not so much funny as aggressively sitcom-cute , it's full of throwaway one-liners , not-quite jokes , and a determined tv amiability that allen personifies .
its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers .
a positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera .
i suspect that you'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it . if you go , pack your knitting needles .
even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency .
i'm all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business , but surely it doesn't have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks .
whether you're moved and love it , or bored or frustrated by the film , you'll still feel something .
you get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory . . . but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools .
waiting for godard can be fruitful : 'in praise of love' is the director's epitaph for himself .
like the chelsea's denizens . . . burdette's collage-form scenario tends to over-romanticize the spiritual desolation of the struggling artiste .
captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world .
what was once original has been co-opted so frequently that it now seems pedestrian .
unfortunately , a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .
an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music .
impeccably filmed , sexually charged , but ultimately lacking in substance , not to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act .
devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects .
blanchett's performance confirms her power once again .
easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root causes of anti-semitism ever seen on screen .
if there was any doubt that peter o'fallon didn't have an original bone in his body , a rumor of angels should dispel it .
a lovably old-school hollywood confection .
this limp gender-bender-baller from a first-time director and rookie screenwriter steals wholesale from that 1982's tootsie , forgetting only to retain a single laugh .
a movie that reminds us of just how exciting and satisfying the fantasy cinema can be when it's approached with imagination and flair .
against all odds in heaven and hell , it creeped me out just fine .
it's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought .
a series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story .
quite funny for the type of movie it is . . .
with miscast leads , banal dialogue and an absurdly overblown climax , killing me softly belongs firmly in the so-bad-it's-good camp .
there are weird resonances between actor and role here , and they're not exactly flattering .
a one-trick pony whose few t&a bits still can't save itself from being unoriginal , unfunny and unrecommendable .
it may not be " last tango in paris " but . . .
those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters' foibles a timeless and unique perspective .
aside from being the funniest movie of the year , simone , andrew niccol's brilliant anti-hollywood satire , has a wickedly eccentric enchantment to it .
thin period piece .
an often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama set in the late 15th century .
one of the more irritating cartoons you will see this , or any , year .
if you're really renting this you're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices , you're interested in anne geddes , john grisham , and thomas kincaid .
nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing .
benigni's pinocchio is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted , its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow .
this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f . kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative .
like all abstract art , the film does not make this statement in an easily accessible way , and -- unless prewarned -- it would be very possible for a reasonably intelligent person to sit through its tidal wave of imagery and not get this vision at all .
as part of mr . dong's continuing exploration of homosexuality in america , family fundamentals is an earnest study in despair .
cassavetes thinks he's making dog day afternoon with a cause , but all he's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon .
it's not a particularly good film , but neither is it a monsterous one .
the pianist [is] a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life . here is a divine monument to a single man's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music .
it's rather like a lifetime special -- pleasant , sweet and forgettable .
an engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients .
while undercover brother is definitely one for the masses , it's also full of sharp , smart satire .
its appeal will probably limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists .
it's great escapist fun that recreates a place and time that will never happen again .
a historical epic with the courage of its convictions about both scope and detail .
what could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .
this off-putting french romantic comedy is sure to test severely the indulgence of fans of amélie .
ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film .
worth the effort to watch .
the soupy end result has the odd distinction of being playful without being fun , too .
charlotte sometimes is a brilliant movie . it is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity .
an uneven look into a grim future that doesn't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films based on philip k . dick stories .
enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions , walt becker's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons .
i liked this film a lot . . .
eyre is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee .
with one exception , every blighter in this particular south london housing project digs into dysfunction like it's a big , comforting jar of marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness .
essentially " fatal attraction " remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 . . . . this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along . . .
this is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies .
like mike is a winner for kids , and no doubt a winner for lil bow wow , who can now add movies to the list of things he does well .
its save-the-planet message clashes with its crass marketing .
a keep-'em-guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters .
the french director has turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .
. . . a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone .
looks like a high school film project completed the day before it was due .
candid and comfortable ; a film that deftly balances action and reflection as it lets you grasp and feel the passion others have for their work .
how about starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags on top of the same old crap ?
i can take infantile humor . . . but this is the sort of infantile that makes you wonder about changing the director and writer's diapers .
it made me feel unclean , and i'm the guy who liked there's something about mary and both american pie movies . oh , and booty call .
even if you don't think [kissinger's] any more guilty of criminal activity than most contemporary statesmen , he'd sure make a courtroom trial great fun to watch .
a vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior .
while it is interesting to witness the conflict from the palestinian side , longley's film lacks balance . . . and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .
charming and funny ( but ultimately silly ) movie .
an exceedingly clever piece of cinema . another great ‘what you don't see' is much more terrifying than what you do see thriller , coupled with some arresting effects , incandescent tones and stupendous performances
by halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course , feeling guilty for it . . . . then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop .
if this disposable tissue has one wild card , it's john turturro , who's simply fab as a spanish butler with a foot fetish .
. . . one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages . . .
been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called the professional .
opens at a funeral , ends on the protagonist's death bed and doesn't get much livelier in the three hours in between .
you've already seen heartbreak if you've watched the far superior nurse betty or sunset boulevard . even the unwatchable soapdish is more original .
the title not only describes its main characters , but the lazy people behind the camera as well .
spend your benjamins on a matinee .
it certainly won't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time .
not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired .
poignant and funny .
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us " the skulls " and last year's " rollerball . " enough said , except : film overboard !
it's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure .
like the series , the movie is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all , alive .
so refreshingly incisive is grant that for the first time he'll probably appeal more to guys than to their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the hugh factor .
[sen's] soap opera-ish approach undermines his good intentions .
aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom . com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
this low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the farrelly brothers' oeuvre gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time .
a zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded elvis fans ( but by no means all ) will have fun with .
a high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime .
not a bad choice here , assuming that . . . the air-conditioning in the theater is working properly .
it may be a no-brainer , but at least it's a funny no-brainer .
the writers , director wally wolodarsky , and all the actors should start their own coeducational fraternity : kappa rho alpha phi .
the performances take the movie to a higher level .
i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it's too long and it goes nowhere .
using a stock plot , about a boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .
although laced with humor and a few fanciful touches , the film is a refreshingly serious look at young women .
[leigh] has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .
if you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea .
" the time machine " is a movie that has no interest in itself . it doesn't believe in itself , it has no sense of humor…it's just plain bored .
. . . has virtually no script at all . . .
one of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace .
despite its hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick , the basic plot of " lilo " could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script .
this chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare .
ryosuke has created a wry , winning , if languidly paced , meditation on the meaning and value of family .
the movie wavers between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial .
the sight of the name bruce willis brings to mind images of a violent battlefield action picture , but the film has a lot more on its mind--maybe too much .
insomnia is one of the year's best films and pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances .
this one is certainly well-meaning , but it's also simple-minded and contrived .
perhaps it's cliche to call the film 'refreshing , ' but it is . 'drumline' shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .
this isn't a narrative film -- i don't know if it's possible to make a narrative film about september 11th , though i'm sure some will try -- but it's as close as anyone has dared to come .
it's neither as sappy as big daddy nor as anarchic as happy gilmore or the waterboy , but it has its moments .
a clutchy , indulgent and pretentious travelogue and diatribe against . . . well , just stuff . watching scarlet diva , one is poised for titillation , raw insight or both . instead , we just get messy anger , a movie as personal therapy .
this one is strictly a lightweight escapist film .
director jay russell stomps in hobnail boots over natalie babbitt's gentle , endearing 1975 children's novel .
a dreary movie .
a compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother's hold over her .
with an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable " formula 51 " is somewhat entertaining , but it could have been much stronger .
at its worst , the movie is pretty diverting ; the pity is that it rarely achieves its best .
earnest and heartfelt but undernourished and plodding .
makes for a pretty unpleasant viewing experience .
this feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task .
one of [jaglom's] better efforts -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love .
escaping the studio , piccoli is warmly affecting and so is this adroitly minimalist movie .
there is a kind of attentive concern that hoffman brings to his characters , as if he has been giving them private lessons , and now it is time for their first public recital .
sorority boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it .
oh come on . like you couldn't smell this turkey rotting from miles away .
the movie is as padded as allen's jelly belly .
`matrix'-style massacres erupt throughout . . . but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy .
the story is familiar from its many predecessors ; like them , it eventually culminates in the not-exactly -stunning insight that crime doesn't pay .
tsai has managed to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare , unchecked heartache of yasujiro ozu .
a funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage " be careful what you wish for " is given a full workout .
oddly compelling .
the film didn't move me one way or the other , but it was an honest effort and if you want to see a flick about telemarketers this one will due .
the hot topics of the plot are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty .
it's jagger's bone-dry , mournfully brittle delivery that gives the film its bittersweet bite .
[taylor] takes us on a ride that's consistently surprising , easy to watch -- but , oh , so dumb .
a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself .
like watching a dress rehearsal the week before the show goes up : everything's in place but something's just a little off-kilter .
intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being .
a punch line without a premise , a joke built entirely from musty memories of half-dimensional characters .
it's the kind of movie that ends up festooning u . s . art house screens for no reason other than the fact that it's in french ( well , mostly ) with english subtitles and is magically 'significant' because of that .
its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this isn't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare .
featherweight romantic comedy has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock .
while this gentle and affecting melodrama will have luvvies in raptures , it's far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience .
300 years of russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness .
the film is full of charm .
a tasty masala .
while the humor is recognizably plympton , he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .
will be far more interesting to the soderbergh faithful than it will be to the casual moviegoer who might be lured in by julia roberts . . .
it's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that's actually sort of amazing .
a broad , melodramatic estrogen opera that's pretty toxic in its own right .
ultimately feels empty and unsatisfying , like swallowing a communion wafer without the wine .
purely propaganda , a work of unabashed hero worship , it is nonetheless -- and likely inadvertently -- a timely and invaluable implicit reminder of the role that u . s . foreign policy has played in the rise of castro .
so earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent , that you almost forget the sheer , ponderous awfulness of its script .
the power of shanghai ghetto , a documentary by dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann , rests in the voices of men and women , now in their 70s , who lived there in the 1940s .
the four feathers has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes .
a film that's flawed and brilliant in equal measure .
no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place . where their heads were is anyone's guess .
the pacing is glacial , the screenplay is stiff as a board , and things heat up only in the movie's final scenes .
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one's mother .
. . . tackling a low-budget movie in which inexperienced children play the two main characters might not be the best way to cut your teeth in the film industry .
for more than two decades mr . nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity .
rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out , but wanes in the middle
[serry] wants to blend politics and drama , an admirable ambition . it's too bad that the helping hand he uses to stir his ingredients is also a heavy one .
the mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a t .
there's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .
sometimes we feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite , but sometimes it must have seemed to frida kahlo as if her life did , too .
you're too conscious of the effort it takes to be this spontaneous .
full frontal is the antidote for soderbergh fans who think he's gone too commercial since his two oscar nominated films in 2000
beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce . . . lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .
for all the complications , it's all surprisingly predictable .
a naturally funny film , home movie makes you crave chris smith's next movie .
as befits its title , this pg-13-rated piffle is ultimately as threatening as the snuggle fabric softener bear .
probably the best case for christianity since chesterton and lewis .
a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban hades .
dissing a bond movie is quite like calling a dog stupid , but when it has the temerity to run over two hours , you feel like winding up with a kick .
like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior . . . circuit gets drawn into the party .
it's hard not to feel you've just watched a feature-length video game with some really heavy back story .
[hell is] looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara isn't even halfway through .
. . . with " the bourne identity " we return to the more traditional action genre .
[grant] goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it .
the plot is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish .
bubba ho-tep is a wonderful film with a bravura lead performance by bruce campbell that doesn't deserve to leave the building until everyone is aware of it .
as steamy as last week's pork dumplings .
. . . very funny , very enjoyable . . .
showtime isn't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again .
[crystal and de niro] manage to squeeze out some good laughs but not enough to make this silly con job sing .
" punch-drunk love " is a little like a chocolate milk moustache . . .
. . . a solid , unassuming drama .
hollywood's answer to an air ball .
interesting , but not compelling .
as janice , eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .
there's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long .
despite slick production values and director roger michell's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .
[director] byler may yet have a great movie in him , but charlotte sometimes is only half of one .
vera's technical prowess ends up selling his film short ; he smoothes over hard truths even as he uncovers them .
hollywood ending is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever . he has a great cast and a great idea . but the execution is a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work .
it's a treat – a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score… grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun .
audiences will find no mention of political prisoners or persecutions that might paint the castro regime in less than saintly tones .
this slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time .
rodriguez does a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style--casting excellent latin actors of all ages--a trend long overdue .
'anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . '
terrific casting and solid execution give all three stories life .
the bland outweighs the nifty , and cletis tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is .
although disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual .
wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture .
an ebullient tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing .
i didn't laugh at the ongoing efforts of cube , and his skinny buddy mike epps , to make like laurel and hardy 'n the hood .
not only does the movie fail to make us part of its reality , it fails the most basic relevancy test as well .
competently directed but terminally cute drama .
some of their jokes work , but most fail miserably and in the end , pumpkin is far more offensive than it is funny .
about a manga-like heroine who fights back at her abusers , it's energetic and satisfying if not deep and psychological .
fun , flip and terribly hip bit of cinematic entertainment .
like these russo guys lookin' for their mamet instead found their sturges .
it never rises to its clever what-if concept .
adaptation's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary .
bears resemblance to , and shares the weaknesses of , too many recent action-fantasy extravaganzas in which special effects overpower cogent story-telling and visual clarity during the big action sequences .
a highly personal look at the effects of living a dysfunctionally privileged lifestyle , and by the end , we only wish we could have spent more time in its world .
while this film is not in the least surprising , it is still ultimately very satisfying . think of it as a sort of comfort food for the mind .
a generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it isn't merely offensive .
as a vehicle to savour binoche's skill , the film is well worthwhile .
nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises .
this is just lazy writing . even kids deserve better .
deliciously mean-spirited and wryly observant .
enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise . yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma .
how do you spell cliché ?
the ring is worth a look , if you don't demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your halloween entertainment .
formula 51 is so trite that even yu's high-energy action stylings can't break through the stupor .
with rare birds , as with the shipping news before it , an attempt is made to transplant a hollywood star into newfoundland's wild soil -- and the rock once again resists the intrusion .
with zoe clarke-williams's lackluster thriller " new best friend " , who needs enemies ? just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills .
the story , once it gets rolling , is nothing short of a great one .
it's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old ferris bueller .
this real-life hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces .
" men in black ii , " has all the earmarks of a sequel . the story is less vibrant , the jokes are a little lukewarm , but will anyone really care ?
many a parent and their teen ( or preteen ) kid could bond while watching a walk to remember . so could young romantics out on a date .
as teen movies go , " orange county " is a refreshing change
the bourne identity is what summer screen escapism used to be in the decades when it was geared more to grownups .
from a deceptively simple premise , this deeply moving french drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .
provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views .
the premise of jason x is silly but strangely believable .
swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell .
the action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series .
plays like one of those conversations that comic book guy on " the simpsons " has .
this may not have the dramatic gut-wrenching impact of other holocaust films , but it's a compelling story , mainly because of the way it's told by the people who were there .
what the movie lacks in action it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance .
at times funny and at other times candidly revealing , it's an intriguing look at two performers who put themselves out there because they love what they do .
what is 100% missing here is a script of even the most elemental literacy , an inkling of genuine wit , and anything resembling acting .
watching " ending " is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor's garage sale . you can't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .
[gosling's] combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex , unpredictable character .
egoyan's movie is too complicated to sustain involvement , and , if you'll excuse a little critical heresy , too intellectually ambitious .
a sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer .
if only it were , well , funnier .
as immaculate as stuart little 2 is , it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous .
working from elliott's memoir , rohmer fashions the sort of delicate , articulate character- and- relationship study he's favored for decades .
after making several adaptations of other writers' work , armenian-canadian director atom egoyan broached an original treatment of a deeply personal subject .
sade achieves the near-impossible : it turns the marquis de sade into a dullard .
superior genre storytelling , which gets under our skin simply by crossing the nuclear line .
it gets onto the screen just about as much of the novella as one could reasonably expect , and is engrossing and moving in its own right .
ao sair do cinema , eu estava feliz e com saudades de um tempo em que , para mim , a existência de papai noel era um fato inquestionável .
i kept thinking over and over again , 'i should be enjoying this . ' but i wasn't .
a witty , whimsical feature debut .
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about north korea's recent past and south korea's future adds a much needed moral weight .
gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways .
. . . instead go rent " shakes the clown " , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance .
building slowly and subtly , the film , sporting a breezy spontaneity and realistically drawn characterizations , develops into a significant character study that is both moving and wise .
lovely and poignant . puts a human face on a land most westerners are unfamiliar with .
it's probably not easy to make such a worthless film . . .
not a film to rival to live , but a fine little amuse-bouche to keep your appetite whetted .
it's a pleasure to see seinfeld griping about the biz with buddies chris rock , garry shandling and colin quinn .
too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient .
although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .
contrived pastiche of caper clichés .
secretary manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie .
calling this movie brainless would be paying it a compliment : it's more like entertainment for trolls .
has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes .
the problem isn't that the movie hits so close to home so much as that it hits close to home while engaging in such silliness as that snake-down-the-throat business and the inevitable shot of schwarzenegger outrunning a fireball .
there are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations . where's the movie here ?
leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that's simultaneously painful and refreshing .
what starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .
may be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done .
the movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches isn't exactly endearing .
as weber and weissman demonstrate with such insight and celebratory verve , the cockettes weren't as much about gender , sexual preference or political agitprop as they were simply a triumph of the indomitable human will to rebel , connect and create .
. . . by the time it's done with us , mira nair's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over .
leigh's film is full of memorable performances from top to bottom .
a disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate imax trip .
though of particular interest to students and enthusiast of international dance and world music , the film is designed to make viewers of all ages , cultural backgrounds and rhythmic ability want to get up and dance .
interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots .
there are just enough twists in the tale to make it far more satisfying than almost any horror film in recent memory .
with lesser talents , high crimes would be entertaining , but forgettable . with freeman and judd , i'll at least remember their characters .
both awful and appealing .
all the actors are good in pauline & paulette but van der groen , described as 'belgium's national treasure , ' is especially terrific as pauline .
it's a gag that's worn a bit thin over the years , though don't ask still finds a few chuckles .
little more than a frothy vanity project .
as improbable as this premise may seem , abbass's understated , shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .
both damning and damned compelling .
it's a terrific american sports movie and dennis quaid is its athletic heart .
cacoyannis' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts .
it almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .
borrows from so many literary and cinematic sources that this future world feels absolutely deja vu .
in the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes , director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of . . . outrageous gags .
a waterlogged version of 'fatal attraction' for the teeny-bopper set . . . a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads .
satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity .
while there's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo's dumbed-down tactics ) , much ado about something is an amicable endeavor .
though the book runs only about 300 pages , it is so densely packed . . . that even an ambitious adaptation and elaborate production like mr . schepisi's seems skimpy and unclear .
despite the evocative aesthetics evincing the hollow state of modern love life , the film never percolates beyond a monotonous whine .
gets better after foster leaves that little room .
it virtually defines a comedy that's strongly mediocre , with funny bits surfacing every once in a while .
if you're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus , sade is your film .
writhing under dialogue like 'you're from two different worlds' and 'tonight the maid is a lie and this , this is who you are , ' this schlock-filled fairy tale hits new depths of unoriginality and predictability .
vividly conveys both the pitfalls and the pleasures of over-the-top love .
ice age won't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and i'm giving it a strong thumbs up .
scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . yes , soar .
simplistic , silly and tedious .
[there's] quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin .
tim allen is great in his role but never hogs the scenes from his fellow cast , as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy .
an amalgam of the fugitive , blade runner , and total recall , only without much energy or tension .
the warm presence of zhao benshan makes the preposterous lying hero into something more than he reasonably should be .
koepp's screenplay isn't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .
horrible
aaliyah rarely dampens her diva persona enough to spark genuine chemistry with townsend . when she speaks , her creepy egyptian demigod voice is as computer processed and overproduced as it was in her music .
i found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent .
the people in dogtown and z-boys are so funny , aggressive and alive , you have to watch them because you can't wait to see what they do next .
what's most striking about this largely celebratory film . . . is the sense of isolation that permeates these bastions of individuality in an ikea world .
playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity . . . bisset is both convincing and radiant .
a moving , if uneven , success .
a hit- and-miss affair , consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped .
watstein handily directs and edits around his screenplay's sappier elements . . . and sustains off the hook's buildup with remarkable assuredness for a first-timer .
brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , deuces wild represents fifties teen-gang machismo in a way that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism .
starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar .
the dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen .
remarkably accessible and affecting .
parris' performance is credible and remarkably mature .
two hours of melodramatic musical married to two hours of underdog sports intrigue , if the picture also shares the weaknesses of both genres , more's the pity .
in a big corner office in hell , satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 .
westfeldt and juergensen exude a chemistry and comfort level that's both saucy and endearing .
it's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good .
some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time .
the affectionate loopiness that once seemed congenital to demme's perspective has a tough time emerging from between the badly dated cutesy-pie mystery scenario and the newfangled hollywood post-production effects .
it is one more celluloid testimonial to the cruelties experienced by southern blacks as distilled through a caucasian perspective .
with dickens' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told .
for those who like quirky , slightly strange french films , this is a must !
resident evil is what comes from taking john carpenter's ghosts of mars and eliminating the beheadings . in other words , about as bad a film you're likely to see all year .
it's [ricci's] best work yet , this girl-woman who sincerely believes she can thwart the world's misery with blind good will .
american chai encourages rueful laughter at stereotypes only an indian-american would recognize . and the lesson , in the end , is nothing new .
maybe it's the star power of the cast or the redundant messages , but something aboul " full frontal " seems , well , contrived .
in capturing the understated comedic agony of an ever-ruminating , genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills , the film could just as well be addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st .
if the material is slight and admittedly manipulative , jacquot preserves tosca's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera .
stuffed to the brim with ideas , american instigator michael moore's film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .
as banal as the telling may be -- and at times , all my loved ones more than flirts with kitsch -- the tale commands attention .
holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks .
the whole mildly pleasant outing -- the r rating is for brief nudity and a grisly corpse -- remains aloft not on its own self-referential hot air , but on the inspired performance of tim allen .
a thought-provoking picture .
i am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from tv shows , but hey arnold ! the movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .
the actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script's bad ideas and awkwardness .
some body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves .
glib , satirical documentary that fudges facts , makes facile points and engages in the cinematic equivalent of tabloid journalism .
smart , sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play .
the film will appeal to discovery channel fans and will surely widen the perspective of those of us who see the continent through rose-colored glasses .
a decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies .
like a soft drink that's been sitting open too long : it's too much syrup and not enough fizz .
it's tough being a black man in america , especially when the man has taken away your car , your work-hours and denied you health insurance .
a poignant , artfully crafted meditation on mortality .
[reno] delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion .
an eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , 'spy kids 2' is a visual treat for all audiences .
a poignant lyricism runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .
there's a disreputable air about the whole thing , and that's what makes it irresistible .
when the first few villians are introduced as " spider " and " snake " you know you're in for a real winner , creativity at its peak .
it's as if you're watching a movie that was made in 1978 but not released then because it was so weak , and it has been unearthed and released now , when it has become even weaker .
a perfectly competent and often imaginative film that lacks what little lilo & stitch had in spades -- charisma .
a 93-minute condensation of a 26-episode tv series , with all of the pitfalls of such you'd expect .
often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments , it's very much like life itself .
its plot and animation offer daytime tv serviceability , but little more .
buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role .
initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and mystical tenderness becomes narrative expedience .
cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation ( career - kids = misery ) in tiresome romantic-comedy duds .
like its parade of predecessors , this halloween is a gory slash-fest . it can't escape its past , and it doesn't want to .
sean penn , you owe nicolas cage an apology .
. . . pitiful , slapdash disaster . a doa dud from frame one .
one can't deny its seriousness and quality .
to better understand why this didn't connect with me would require another viewing , and i won't be sitting through this one again . . . that in itself is commentary enough .
the longer the movie goes , the worse it gets , but it's actually pretty good in the first few minutes .
absurdities and clichés accumulate like lint in a fat man's navel .
even through its flaws , revolution #9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film .
billy crystal and robert de niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse .
i watched the brainless insanity of no such thing with mounting disbelief .
cantet perfectly captures the hotel lobbies , two-lane highways , and roadside cafes that permeate vincent's days
droll caper-comedy remake of " big deal on madonna street " that's a sly , amusing , laugh-filled little gem in which the ultimate " bellini " begins to look like a " real kaputschnik . "
jeffrey tambor's performance as the intelligent jazz-playing exterminator is oscar-worthy .
some remarkable achival film about how shanghai ( of all places ) served jews who escaped the holocaust .
the irwins emerge unscathed , but the fictional footage is unconvincing and criminally badly acted .
ambitious , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints .
i didn't believe for a moment in these villains or their plot .
has not so much been written as assembled , frankenstein-like , out of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups .
not far beneath the surface , this reconfigured tale asks disturbing questions about those things we expect from military epics .
this is a good movie in spurts , but when it doesn't work , it's at important times .
[villeneuve] seems to realize intuitively that even morality is reduced to an option by the ultimate mysteries of life and death .
it's a bizarre curiosity memorable mainly for the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script , unimpressive acting and indifferent direction .
the kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly executed idea .
the charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film's problems .
the farcical elements seemed too pat and familiar to hold my interest , yet its diverting grim message is a good one .
but even with the two-wrongs-make-a-right chemistry between jolie and burns . . . this otherwise appealing picture loses its soul to screenwriting for dummies conformity .
a passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action .
cineasts will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark's dogma movement .
this formulaic chiller will do little to boost stallone's career .
deserves high marks for political courage but barely gets by on its artistic merits .
so riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it plod along .
the kids often appear to be reading the lines and are incapable of conveying any emotion .
suffocated at conception by its munchausen-by-proxy mum . punish the vehicle to adore the star .
the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring .
unfortunately , carvey's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg .
a pleasing , often-funny comedy .
smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise .
the uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them .
doesn't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago .
this would-be 'james bond for the extreme generation' pic is one big , dumb action movie . stress 'dumb . '
pumpkin means to be an outrageous dark satire on fraternity life , but its ambitions far exceed the abilities of writer adam larson broder and his co-director , tony r . abrams , in their feature debut .
trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the " gadzooks ! "
nelson's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself . it's horribly depressing and not very well done .
the whole is quite entertaining , but despite its virtues , there is an unsettled feeling to the film .
maud and roland's search for an unknowable past makes for a haunting literary detective story , but labute pulls off a neater trick in possession : he makes language sexy .
a much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation , writer-director anthony friedman's similarly updated 1970 british production .
less dizzying than just dizzy , the jaunt is practically over before it begins .
when it comes to the battle of hollywood vs . woo , it looks like woo's a p . o . w .
romanek keeps the film constantly taut . . . reflecting the character's instability with a metaphorical visual style and an unnerving , heartbeat-like score .
this mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , john c . walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .
a sugar-coated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks .
the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it's really well directed .
the film is a very good viewing alternative for young women .
if the film's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying , its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .
elegantly crafted but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level .
i'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap cliché .
too simple for its own good .
schaeffer has to find some hook on which to hang his persistently useless movies , and it might as well be the resuscitation of the middle-aged character .
all very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more trouble than it's worth , with fantasy mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion .
hawke draws out the best from his large cast in beautifully articulated portrayals that are subtle and so expressive they can sustain the poetic flights in burdette's dialogue .
not only does leblanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes .
when the casting call for this movie went out , it must have read 'seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '
ben affleck as jack ryan , tom clancy's intrepid hero ? ridiculous . what's next ? d . j . qualls as indiana jones ? or tom green as han solo ?
nonsensical , dull " cyber-horror " flick is a grim , hollow exercise in flat scares and bad acting .
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich .
whatever eyre's failings as a dramatist , he deserves credit for bringing audiences into this hard and bitter place .
to me , it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
shallow , noisy and pretentious .
leave it to rohmer , now 82 , to find a way to bend current technique to the service of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago .
'si bien no logra desarrollarse como un gran drama , tampoco es tan superficial como muchas cintas que pecan de pretenciosas y que resultan totalmente banales . '
the result is more depressing than liberating , but it's never boring .
an indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people laugh .
welles groupie/scholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst .
confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it .
the film is a blunt indictment , part of a perhaps surreal campaign to bring kissinger to trial for crimes against humanity .
an opportunity missed .
the corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption .
this new movie version of the alexandre dumas classic is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit .
it feels like very light errol morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .
an 83 minute document of a project which started in a muddle , seesawed back and forth between controlling interests multiple times , then found its sweet spot
a cumbersome and cliche-ridden movie greased with every emotional device known to man .
snipes relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good .
it's never a good sign when a film's star spends the entirety of the film in a coma . it's a worse sign when you begin to envy her condition .
must be seen to be believed .
manages to delight without much of a story .
the lousy john q all but spits out denzel washington's fine performance in the title role .
a gentle and engrossing character study .
wraps itself in the guise of a dark and quirky comedy , but it isn't as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited .
the sundance film festival has become so buzz-obsessed that fans and producers descend upon utah each january to ferret out the next great thing . 'tadpole' was one of the films so declared this year , but it's really more of the next pretty good thing .
the real triumphs in igby come from philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who couldn't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron .
the movie is our story as much as it is schmidt's , no matter if it's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale .
it's one of the saddest films i have ever seen that still manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental .
it's refreshing to see a girl-power movie that doesn't feel it has to prove anything .
cry havoc and let slip the dogs of cheese , indeed .
featuring a dangerously seductive performance from the great daniel auteuil , " sade " covers the same period as kaufmann's " quills " with more unsettlingly realistic results .
one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning .
the people in jessica are so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we're never sure how things will work out .
it's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .
another week , another gross-out college comedy--ugh .
wasabi is slight fare indeed , with the entire project having the feel of something tossed off quickly ( like one of hubert's punches ) , but it should go down smoothly enough with popcorn .
in addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat , changing lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .
all's well that ends well , and rest assured , the consciousness-raising lessons are cloaked in gross-out gags .
the movie has lots of dancing and fabulous music . there are slow and repetitive parts , but it has just enough spice to keep it interesting .
guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets . some of the characters die and others don't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares .
very solid , very watchable first feature for director peter sheridan
it's not a bad premise , just a bad movie .
a glorious mess .
the first mistake , i suspect , is casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student--where's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ?
what makes salton sea surprisingly engrossing is that caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion .
the name says it all . jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set .
while the performances are often engaging , this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary .
notwithstanding my problem with the movie's final half hour , i'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal , and also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl-
this is a nicely handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch .
. . . unbearably lame .
serviceable at best , slightly less than serviceable at worst .
a beguiling splash of pastel colors and prankish comedy from disney .
william shatner , as a pompous professor , is the sole bright spot . . .
skins has a right to yawp , and we have a right to our grains of salt .
it's hard not to be seduced by [witherspoon's] charisma , even in this run-of-the-mill vehicle , because this girl knows how to drive it to the max .
boy oh boy , it's a howler .
put it somewhere between sling blade and south of heaven , west of hell in the pantheon of billy bob's body of work .
writer/director alexander payne ( election ) and his co-writer jim taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing .
this may be dover kosashvili's feature directing debut , but it looks an awful lot like life -- gritty , awkward and ironic .
the jokes are flat , and the action looks fake .
the concert footage is stirring , the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers .
[kline's] utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who can't quite live up to it .
a fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped launch the new age .
hollywood ending just isn't very funny .
overall , the film misses the brilliance of jelinek's novel by some way . it settles for being merely grim .
stephen rea , aidan quinn , and alan bates play desmond's legal eagles , and when joined by brosnan , the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty irish settings is a pleasant enough thing , 'tis .
rarely has so much money delivered so little entertainment .
i didn't laugh . i didn't smile . i survived .
on this tricky topic , tadpole is very much a step in the right direction , with its blend of frankness , civility and compassion .
an uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations .
devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable .
the actors are fantastic . they are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre .
if this is cinema , i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey .
i liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive .
the movie doesn't generate a lot of energy . it is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously .
a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers' hearts .
constantly slips from the grasp of its maker .
on the whole , the movie lacks wit , feeling and believability to compensate for its incessant coarseness and banality .
has its moments -- and almost as many subplots .
a subtle variation on i spit on your grave in which our purported heroine pathologically avenges a hatred for men .
what could have been a neat little story about believing in yourself is swamped by heavy-handed melodrama .
not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest .
drags along in a dazed and enervated , drenched-in-the- past numbness .
blessed with a searing lead performance by ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) , the movie is powerful and provocative . it's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .
though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .
meanders between its powerful moments .
this is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .
there's not much going on in this movie unless you simply decide to buy into the notion that something inexplicably strange once happened in point pleasant .
a movie that tries to fuse the two 'woods' but winds up a bolly-holly masala mess .
this is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade .
it's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe . . . but it's far from a groundbreaking endeavor .
the master of disguise represents adam sandler's latest attempt to dumb down the universe .
a beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep 'epic . '
everything's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull .
it treats ana's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film .
a particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale .
girls gone wild and gone civil again
watching austin powers in goldmember is like binging on cotton candy . it's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied .
about nowhere kids who appropriated turfs as they found them and become self-made celebrity athletes -- a low-down version of the american dream .
. . . a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations .
[less a movie than] an appalling , odoriferous thing . . . so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you'll want to crawl up your own * * * in embarrassment .
lacks heart , depth and , most of all , purpose .
newcomer helmer kevin donovan is hamstrung by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept – a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman .
painfully padded .
blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances .
if the movie succeeds in instilling a wary sense of 'there but for the grace of god , ' it is far too self-conscious to draw you deeply into its world .
. . . this movie has a glossy coat of action movie excess while remaining heartless at its core .
tres greek writer and star nia vardalos has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script .
leigh's daring here is that without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of margaret thatcher's ruinous legacy , he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other .
a true pleasure .
the film's essentially over by the meet-cute .
a triumph of art direction over narrative , but what art direction !
there's too much falseness to the second half , and what began as an intriguing look at youth fizzles into a dull , ridiculous attempt at heart-tugging .
brady achieves the remarkable feat of squandering a topnotch foursome of actors . . . by shoving them into every clichéd white-trash situation imaginable .
mostly , [goldbacher] just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human .
it's quite diverting nonsense .
sometimes this 'blood' seems as tired as its protagonist . . . still , the pulse never disappears entirely , and the picture crosses the finish line winded but still game .
it looks good , but it is essentially empty .
it's not that waiting for happiness is a bad film , because it isn't . it's just incredibly dull .
they should have called it gutterball .
visually imaginative , thematically instructive and thoroughly delightful , it takes us on a roller-coaster ride from innocence to experience without even a hint of that typical kiddie-flick sentimentality .
a picture as erratic as its central character .
it's the unsettling images of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of sarah and harrison .
they takes a long time to get to its gasp-inducing ending .
. . . a hollow joke told by a cinematic gymnast having too much fun embellishing the misanthropic tale to actually engage it .
the movie is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you .
what redeems the film is the cast , particularly the ya-yas themselves .
only two-fifths of a satisfying movie experience .
more than their unique residences , home movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
self-congratulatory , misguided , and ill-informed , if nonetheless compulsively watchable .
terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing . . . the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable .
too much power , not enough puff .
true tale of courage -- and complicity -- at auschwitz is a harrowing drama that tries to tell of the unspeakable .
it aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .
taken individually or collectively , the stories never add up to as much as they promise .
though the violence is far less sadistic than usual , the film is typical miike : fast , furious and full of off-the-cuff imaginative flourishes .
it made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters . i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love 'real' .
an average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains .
say this for the soundtrack , it drowns out the lousy dialogue .
intriguing and stylish .
a poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise .
still rapturous after all these years , cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .
the movie has an infectious exuberance that will engage anyone with a passing interest in the skate/surf culture , the l . a . beach scene and the imaginative ( and sometimes illegal ) ways kids can make a playground out of the refuse of adults .
there's nothing to gain from watching they . it isn't scary . it hates its characters . it finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams writer/director/producer robert rodriguez has cobbled together a film that feels like a sugar high gone awry .
a surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of hollywood's comic-book adaptations .
a genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama .
meyjes . . . has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics .
time out is as serious as a pink slip . and more than that , it's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .
though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here , but a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary .
secretary is not a movie about fetishism . it is a movie about passion .
a painfully funny ode to bad behavior .
in his u . s . debut , mr . schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .
while i can't say it's on par with the first one , stuart little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie .
it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory .
guillen rarely gets beneath the surface of things . she lists ingredients , but never mixes and stirs .
a giggle-inducing comedy with snappy dialogue and winning performances by an unlikely team of oscar-winners : susan sarandon and goldie hawn .
stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation .
god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness .
a beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions .
a distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze .
the very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .
some body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling .
you can thank me for this . i saw juwanna mann so you don't have to .
a crisp psychological drama [and] a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old " twilight zone " episode .
the film is itself a sort of cinematic high crime , one that brings military courtroom dramas down very , very low .
although god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage , it's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .
terrific performances , great to look at , and funny . a little uneven to be the cat's meow , but it's good enough to be the purr .
a movie of riveting power and sadness .
a huge box-office hit in korea , shiri is a must for genre fans .
a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation .
from beginning to end , this overheated melodrama plays like a student film .
by applying definition to both sides of the man , the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .
at about 95 minutes , treasure planet maintains a brisk pace as it races through the familiar story . however , it lacks grandeur and that epic quality often associated with stevenson's tale as well as with earlier disney efforts .
one of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm .
while not quite " shrek " or monsters , inc . " , it's not too bad . it's worth taking the kids to .
jaglom offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar .
gangster no . 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults .
this is one of polanski's best films .
. . . the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .
long before it's over , you'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .
one of the best films of the year with its exploration of the obstacles to happiness faced by five contemporary individuals . . . a psychological masterpiece .
changing lanes is an anomaly for a hollywood movie ; it's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say .
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys' direction is clever and insightful .
the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone's flawed but staggering once upon a time in america .
at its best , the good girl is a refreshingly adult take on adultery . . .
it confirms fincher's status as a film maker who artfully bends technical know-how to the service of psychological insight .
" spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff . if you're a comic fan , you can't miss it . if you're not , you'll still have a good time . "
reinforces the often forgotten fact of the world's remarkably varying human population and mindset , and its capacity to heal using creative , natural and ancient antidotes .
ms . fulford-wierzbicki is almost spooky in her sulky , calculating lolita turn .
an elegant , exquisitely modulated psychological thriller .
merely as a technical , logistical feat , russian ark marks a cinematic milestone .
this franchise has not spawned a single good film . the crap continues .
the cast is uniformly excellent and relaxed .
the subtle strength of " elling " is that it never loses touch with the reality of the grim situation .
anyone who wants to start writing screenplays can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity .
the more you think about the movie , the more you will probably like it .
that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year's worst cinematic tragedies .
the pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies .
tennessee williams by way of oprah's book club .
smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off- broadway play .
a moody horror/thriller elevated by deft staging and the director's well-known narrative gamesmanship .
the santa clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be .
the spalding gray equivalent of a teen gross-out comedy .
gloriously straight from the vagina .
quick : who wants to see a comedy about shoddy airport security ?
the trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of showgirls .
the film's tone and pacing are off almost from the get-go .
a seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer-director kurt wimmer at the screenplay level .
i'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up . i liked it just enough .
even if you're an elvis person , you won't find anything to get excited about on this dvd .
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining .
you'll gasp appalled and laugh outraged and possibly , watching the spectacle of a promising young lad treading desperately in a nasty sea , shed an errant tear .
this is a particularly toxic little bonbon , palatable to only a chosen and very jaundiced few .
with jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics , yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is . he fails .
originality ain't on the menu , but there's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller .
sometimes smart but more often sophomoric .
frustratingly , dridi tells us nothing about el gallo other than what emerges through his music .
the characters are based on stock clichés , and the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility .
i still can't relate to stuart : he's a mouse , for cryin' out loud , and all he does is milk it with despondent eyes and whine that nobody treats him human enough .
